Would you like to get cotton candy but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to get cotton candy but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to get cotton candy but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to get cotton candy but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to get cotton candy but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to get cotton candy but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to see cohesive theming but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to hear good music but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to hear good music but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to hear good music but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to hear good music but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to hear good music but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to hear good music but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to drink soda but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to drink soda but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to drink soda but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to drink soda but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to drink soda but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to drink soda but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to sit on a bench but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but the heat is too oppressive to walk around comfortably? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but all the rides are shut down due to a forecasted thunderstorm? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but the lines are exceedingly long for the food and games? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but you are constantly in a crowd (because it is the busiest season for the park? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but it is mosquito season, and they are out in droves? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to get a souvenir but it is tremendously humid and sticky? (R6,C6) 