Would you like to already have great party decorations but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to already have great party decorations but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to already have great party decorations but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to already have great party decorations but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to already have great party decorations but The party can only last for two hours? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to already have great party decorations but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but The party can only last for two hours? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to know a great DJ who won’t charge you but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but The party can only last for two hours? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to already have a delicious ice-cream cake in your freezer but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but The party can only last for two hours? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to have picked a venue that doesn’t charge a cleaning fee but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but The party can only last for two hours? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to have access to a personal chef who won’t charge you but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but The people you will invite don’t know each other, so the group dynamic will be awkward? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but There is no air conditioning in the venue? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but The venue shares a single bathroom with a restaurant next door? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but Your favorite foods will not be served? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but The party can only last for two hours? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have the party take place in a spacious party hall that you get for free but The venue is in a dangerous neighborhood? (R6,C6) 
