Would you like to get merchandise but you must park over two miles away? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to get merchandise but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to get merchandise but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to get merchandise but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to get merchandise but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to get merchandise but are barely trying? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but you must park over two miles away? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to hear the performer(s) play your favorite song but are barely trying? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but you must park over two miles away? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to have an okay view of the stage but are barely trying? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but you must park over two miles away? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to be at your seat right as the concert starts but are barely trying? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but you must park over two miles away? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to dance to the beat but are barely trying? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have a drink but you must park over two miles away? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have a drink but the concert is delayed by several hours due to technical issues? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have a drink but the opening act is horrifically bad? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have a drink but the sound system fails halfway through the set? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have a drink but a tall support/wall impedes your view? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have a drink but are barely trying? (R6,C6)