Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but your personal information is logged and sold? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to avoid mobile data charges but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but your personal information is logged and sold? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to complete transactions quickly but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to remember to log out but your personal information is logged and sold? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to remember to log out but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to remember to log out but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to remember to log out but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to remember to log out but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to remember to log out but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but your personal information is logged and sold? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to pay a bill on time but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but your personal information is logged and sold? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to manage finances anywhere but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but your personal information is logged and sold? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but your bank account is drained before you check it again? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but you lose access to all linked accounts? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but a scammer impersonates you to steal from friends or family? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but your credit score was destroyed because of identity theft? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to save time by multitasking but you spend months dealing with fraud recovery? (R6,C6) 