Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or disregard your friend’s opinion and insist on watching the movie you believe will be a hit? (R1, C1)
Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or potentially miss out on a movie that your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R1, C2)
Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or deal with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R1, C3)
Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or face disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R1, C4)
Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or feel uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R1, C5)
Would you like to agree to let your friend pick the movie to watch to maintain harmony and compromise or evaluate the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R1, C6)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or disregard your fiend’s opinion and insist on watching the movie you believe will be a hit? (R2, C1)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or potentially missing out on a movie that your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R2, C2)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or dealing with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R2, C3)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or facing disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R2, C4)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or feeling uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R2, C5)
Would you like to choose the movie to watch based on your confidence in its potential to be a hit or evaluate the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R2, C6)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or disregard your friend’s opinion and insist on watching the movie you believe will be a hit? (R3, C1)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or potentially missing out on a movie your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R3, C2)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or dealing with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R3, C3)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or face disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R3, C4)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or feel uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R3, C5)
Would you like to feel excited about watching a movie your friend believes will be a hit or evaluate the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R3, C6)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or disregard your friend’s opinion and insist on watching the movie you believe will be a hit? (R4, C1)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or potentially miss out on a movie that your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R4, C2)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or deal with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R4, C3)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or face disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R4, C4)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or feel uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R4, C5)
Would you like to embrace the opportunity to experience a new movie and potentially discover a hidden gem or evaluate the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R4, C6)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or disregard your friend’s opinion and insist on watching the movie you believe will be a hit? (R5, C1)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or potentially miss out on a movie that your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R5, C2)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or deal with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R5, C3)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or face disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R5, C4)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or feel uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R5, C5)
Would you like to be open-minded and flexible in your movie choice to accommodate your friends’ preferences or evaluate the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R5, C6)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or disregarding your friend’s opinion and insisting on watching the movie you believe will be a hit?  (R6, C1)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or potentially missing out on a movie that your friend might enjoy due to conflicting opinions? (R6, C2)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or dealing with potential disappointment if the chosen movie turns out to be a flop? (R6, C3)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or facing disagreement and tension if the movie choice leads to an unsatisfying experience? (R6, C4)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or feeling uncertain or uneasy about the movie’s success, given the differing opinions? (R6, C5)
Would you like to experience the satisfaction of finding common ground and reaching a decision together or evaluating the impact of the movie choice on your friendship and social dynamic? (R6, C6)