Would you like to go for a run but the activity will be boring? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to go for a run but the activity will take an hour? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to go for a run but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to go for a run but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to go for a run but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to go for a run but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but the activity will be boring? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but the activity will take an hour? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to do a Pilates workout but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to lift weights but the activity will be boring? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to lift weights but the activity will take an hour? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to lift weights but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to lift weights but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to lift weights but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to lift weights but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but the activity will be boring? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but the activity will take an hour? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to do an activity that helps you improve your skill at your favorite sport but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but the activity will be boring? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but the activity will take an hour? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to do an activity that will improve your mood but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but the activity will be boring? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but the activity will take an hour? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but you must commute 30 minutes to the activity? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but you will be extremely sore for a week (you know this from prior experience? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but you must do the activity outside and it is warm but raining slightly? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to be skilled at the activity you choose but you need to buy training equipment for this activity? (R6,C6) 
