Would you like to go on the date but risk missing out on the trip? (R1, C1)
Would you like to go on the date but risk missing out on the date? (R1, C2)
Would you like to go on the date but risk conflict with your friend? (R1, C3)
Would you like to go on the date but risk conflict with your date? (R1, C4)
Would you like to go on a date but risk missing out on a romantic date? (R1, C5)
Would you like to go on the date but risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R1, C6)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk missing out on the trip? (R2, C1)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk missing out on the date? (R2, C2)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk conflict with your friends? (R2, C3)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk conflict with your date? (R2, C4)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk missing out on a romantic date? (R2, C5)
Would you like to go on the trip but risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R2, C6)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friends and risk missing out on the trip? (R3, C1)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friends and risk missing out on the date? (R3, C2)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friends and risk conflict with your friends? (R3, C3)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friends and risk conflict with your date? ( R3, C4)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friends and risk missing out on a romantic date? (R3, C5)
Would you like to invite your date to join the friend and risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R3, C6)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk missing out on the trip? (R4, C1)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk missing out on the date? (R4, C2)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk conflict with your friends? (R4, C3)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk conflict with your date? (R4, C4)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk missing out on a romantic date? (R4, C5)
Would you like to be honest with your date and say you wish to reschedule and go on the trip and risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R4, C6)
Would you like to reschedule with your friends and go on the date and risk missing out on the trip? (R5, C1)
Would you like to reschedule with your friend and go on the date and risk missing out on the date? (R5, C2)
Would you like to reschedule with your friends and go on the date and risk conflict with your friends? (R5, C3)
Would you like to reschedule with your friends and go on the date and risk conflict with your date? (R5, C4)
Would you like to reschedule with your friends and go on the date and risk missing out on a romantic date? (R5, C5)
Would you like to reschedule with your friends and go on the date and risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R5, C6)
Would you like to go on the exciting trip with your date and not your friend and risk missing out on the trip? (R6, C1)
Would you like to go on the exciting trip with your date and not your friend and risk missing out on the date? (R6, C2)
Would you like to go on an exciting trip with your date and not your friend and risk conflict with your friend? (R6, C3)
Would you like to go on an exciting trip with a date and not your friend and risk conflict with your date? (R6, C4)
Would you like to go on an exciting trip with a date and not your friend and risk missing out on a romantic date? (R6, C5)
Would you like to go on an exciting trip with a date and not your friend and risk missing out on relaxation at the beach? (R6, C6)