Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but risk losing your happy relationship? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but making yourself upset? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to take the job and leave your partner but making your partner sad? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but risk losing your happy relationship? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but making yourself upset? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and don’t take the job but making your partner sad? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but risk losing your happy relationship? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but making yourself upset? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to stay with your partner and take the job but making your partner sad? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but risk losing your happy relationship? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but making yourself upset? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to leave your partner and don’t take the job but making your partner sad? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but risk losing your happy relationship? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but making yourself upset? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Stay with your partner and find another job but making your partner sad? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but Risk staying at a job you don’t like? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but Risk giving up a good job opportunity? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but risk losing your happy relationship? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but Risk staying in a relationship that might fail? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but making yourself upset? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to take the job and find another partner but making your partner sad? (R6,C6) 
