Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety? (R1R6)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force?  (R1R7)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements and have improved strategic planning?  (R1R8)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements, and have coordinated assault?  (R1R9)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements, reducing causality risk?  (R1R10)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements, reassuring your troops? (R1R11)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all the enemies or wait for reinforcements and have time to recover strength?  (R1R12)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety? (R2R6)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force? (R2R7)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements and have improved strategic planning?  (R2R8)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements, and have coordinated assault?  (R2R9)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements, reducing causality risk?  (R2R10)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements, reassuring your troops? (R2R11)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing most of the enemies and capturing the rest of them or wait for reinforcements and have time to recover strength?  (R2R12)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety? (R3R6)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force?  (R3R7)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements and have improved strategic planning?  (R3R8)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements, and have coordinated assault?  (R3R9)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements, reducing causality risk?  (R3R10)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements, reassuring your troops?  (R3R11)
Would you launch a surprise attack, and have all the enemies surrender or wait for reinforcements and have time to recover strength?  (R3R12)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety? (R4R6)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force?  (R4R7)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements and have improved strategic planning? (R4R8)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements, and have coordinated assault?  (R4R9)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements, reducing causality risk? (R4R10)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements, reassuring your troops?  (R4R11)
Would you launch a surprise attack and have all the enemies surrender and you get to keep all their inventory or wait for reinforcements and have time to recover strength?  (R4R12)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety?  (R5R6)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force? (R5R7)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements and have improved strategic planning?  (R5R8)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements, and have coordinated assault?  (R5R9)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements, reducing causality risk? (R5R10)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements, reassuring your troops?  (R5R11)
Would you launch a surprise attack, killing all enemies and earning a badge of honor or wait for reinforcements and have time to recover strength?  (R5R12)
Would you wait for reinforcements, ensuring your soldier’s safety or wait for reinforcements and have a larger stronger force?  (R6R7)