Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to Going on a luxurious cruise, but getting seasick and spending most of the trip in your cabin. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to Indulging in gourmet dining, only to discover that the food doesn't live up to its expensive price. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to Enjoying live entertainment, but being disappointed by the performances and feeling like it was a waste of money. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering language barriers and struggling to communicate. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Organizing a karaoke night with friends, but having technical difficulties with the equipment and not being able to sing. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or Creating unforgettable memories at the karaoke night, but having an argument with a friend and ruining the evening.? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or Going on a luxurious cruise, but experiencing bad weather and not being able to enjoy outdoor activities.? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or Indulging in gourmet dining, but having an allergic reaction to one of the dishes and needing medical attention.? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or 10. Enjoying live entertainment, but having a bad seat with obstructed views and missing out on the experience.? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or 11. Exploring exotic destinations, but encountering travel delays and spending most of your time in airports.? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to Belting out your favorite tunes, but receiving negative feedback from friends and feeling embarrassed. or 12. Going on a luxurious cruise, but realizing you forgot important documents at home and not being able to board the ship.? (R6,C6) 
