Would you like to buy your dream car, but it doesn't come with spare tires? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to buy your dream car, but it doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to buy your dream car, but it doesn't come with backup camera? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to buy your dream car, but it doesn't come with a touch screen? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to buy your dream car, but it has non-heating seats? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to buy your dream car, but it doesn't have blind spot mirror? (R1, C6) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it doesn't come with spare tires? (R2, C1) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit? (R2, C2) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it doesn't come with back camera? (R2, C3) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it doesn't come with a touch screen? R2, C4) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it has non-heating seats?  (R2, C5) 
Would you like your car to have custom paint at no extra charge, but it doesn't have blind spot mirror? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car, but it doesn't come with spare tires? (R3, C1)
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car , but it doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit?  (R3, C2) 
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car, but it doesn't come with back camera?  (R3, C3) 
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car, but it doesn't come with a touch screen? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car, but it has non-heating seats? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to have brand new tires for your new car, but it doesn't have blind spot mirror? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car doesn't come with spare tires? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit?  (R4, C2) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car doesn't come with back camera?  (R4, C3) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car doesn't come with a touch screen? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car has non-heating seats?  (R4, C5) 
Would you like to have a low monthly payment, but your car doesn't have blind spot mirror?  (R4, C6) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car doesn't come with spare tires? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit ? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car doesn't come with back camera? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car doesn't come with a touch screen? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car has non-heating seats? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to have all new interior accessories, but your car doesn't have blind spot mirror?  (R5, C6) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car doesn't come with spare tires? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car doesn't come with tool box/roadside kit ? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car doesn't come with back camera?  (R6, C3) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car doesn't come with a touch screen? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car has non-heating seats? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to have money for premium/ diesel gas, but your car doesn't have blind spot mirror?  (R6, C6)