Would you like to have a job promotion, but you have to turn your brother in? (R1C1)
Would you like to have a job promotion, but you have to betray your family? (R1C2)
Would you like to have a job promotion, but you have to get suspended? (R1C3)
Would you like to have a job promotion, but you might lose your job? (R1C4)
Would you like to have a job promotion, but your family no longer talks to you? (R1C5)
Would you like to have a job promotion, but you risk going to jail for collusion? (R1C6)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but you would be turning your brother in? (R2C1)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but you would be betraying your family? (R2C2)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but you would be suspended? (R2C3)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but you would be losing your job? (R2C4)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but your family would no longer talk to you? (R2C5)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed and receive a bonus, but would you risk going to jail for collusion? (R2C6)
Would you like to reveal the crime that your brother committed, but you would be betraying your brother? (R3C1)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed, but you would be betraying your family? (R3C2)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed, but you would be suspended? (R3C3)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed, but risk losing your job? (R3C4)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed, but your family would no longer talk to you? (R3C5)
Would you like to reveal the crime your brother committed, but would you risk going to jail for collusion? (R3C6)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but risk betraying your brother? (R4C1)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but risk betraying your family? (R4C2)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but you risk being suspended? (R4C3)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but you risk losing your job? (R4C4)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but risk your family no longer talking to you? (R4C5)
Would you ask another police officer to investigate your brother's crime instead, but risk going to jail for collusion? (R4C6)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk betraying your brother? (R5C1)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk betraying your family? (R5C2)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk being suspended at work? (R5C3)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk losing your job? (R5C4)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk your family no longer talking to you? (R5C5)
Would you cover the crimes that your brother committed, but risk going to jail for collusion? (R5C6)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk betraying your brother? (R6C1)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk betraying your family? (R6C2)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk being suspended from work? (R6C3)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk losing your job? (R6C4)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk your family no longer talking to you? (R6C5)
Would you like to call in sick to work, but risk going to jail for collusion? (R6C6)