Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-coms or mindless explosion fest and cliché-ridden action flicks? (R1, C1, R2, C2)
Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-com or predictable rom-coms and dull romantic snooze fest? (R1, C3, R2, C4)
Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-com or generic thrillers with no suspense and an overly violent blockbuster? (R1, C5, R2, C6)
Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-coms or cheesy romantic comedies and formulaic action movies? (R1, C7, R2, C8)
Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-coms or boring thrillers lacking twists and uninspired romantic films? (R1, C9, R2, C10)
Would you like to watch adrenaline-pumping blockbusters and delightful rom-coms or mediocre action-packed films and unoriginal suspense movies? (R1, C11, R2, C12)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or mindless explosion fest and cliché-ridden action flicks? ( R3, C1, R4, C2)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or predictable rom-coms and dull romantic snooze fest? (R3, C3, R4, C4)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or generic thrillers with no suspense and overly violent blockbusters? (R3, C5, R4, C6)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or cheesy romantic comedies and formulaic action movies? (R3, C7, R4, C8)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or boring thrillers lacking twists and uninspired romantic films? (R3, C9, R4, C10)
Would you like to watch gripping suspense thrillers and heartwarming romantic comedies or mediocre action-packed films and unoriginal suspense movies? (R3, C11, R4, C12)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or a mindless explosion fest and cliché-ridden action flick? (R5, C1, R6, C2)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or predictable rom-coms and dull romantic snooze fest? (R5, C3, R6, C4)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or generic thrillers with no suspense and an overly violent blockbuster? (R5, C5, R6, C6)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or cheesy romantic comedies and formulaic action movies? (R5, C7, R6, C8)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or boring thrillers lacking twists and uninspired romantic films? (R5, C9, R6, C10)
Would you like to watch exciting action-packed films and intriguing thrillers with twits or mediocre action-packed films and unoriginal suspense movies? (R5, C11, R6, C12)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or mindless explosion fest and cliché -ridden action flick? (R7, C1, R8, C2)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or a predictable rom-com and dull romantic snooze fest? (R7, C3, R8, C4)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or a generic thriller with no suspense and an overly violent blockbuster? (R7, C5, R8, C6)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or cheesy romantic comedy and formulaic action movie? (R7, C7, R8C,8)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or a boring thriller lacking twists and uninspired romantic film? (R7, C9, R8, C10)
Would you like to watch a captivating romantic movie and thrilling suspenseful lick or a mediocre action-packed film and unoriginal suspense movie? (R7, C11, R8, C12)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a mindless explosion fest and cliché- ridden action flick? (R9, C1, R10, C2)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a predictable rom-com and dull romantic snooze fest? (R9, C3, R10, C4)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a generic thriller with no suspense and an overly violent blockbuster? (R9, C5, R10, C6)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a cheesy romantic comedy and formulaic action movie? ( R9, C7, R10, C8)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a boring thriller lacking twists and uninspired romantic film? (R9, C9, R10, C10)
Would you like to watch an engaging action-packed blockbuster and feel-good romantic comedy or a mediocre action-packed film and unoriginal suspense movie? (R9, C11, R10, C12)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or a mindless explosion fest and cliché-ridden action flick? (R11, C1, R12, C2)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or a predictable rom-com and dull romantic snooze fest? (R11, C3, R12, C4)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or a generic thriller with no suspense and an overly violent blockbuster? (R11, C5, R12, C6)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or cheesy romantic comedy and formulaic action movie? (R11, C7, R12, C8)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or a boring thriller lacking twists and uninspired romantic film? (R11, C9, R12, C10)
Would you like to watch a riveting suspenseful thriller and enchanting romance with a twist or mediocre action-packed film and unoriginal suspense movie?(R11, C11, R12, C12)