Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but you will have to pay a $10 toll to cross a bridge? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that lets get work done while you are en route but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but you will have to pay a $10 toll to cross a bridge? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to have your neighbor give you a free ride on his motorcycle, and drop you off on his way to work but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but you will have to pay a 10 dollar toll to cross a bridge? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to you take a car-sharing service (eg Uber or Lyft) but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but you will have to pay a $10 toll to cross a bridge? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to choose a mode of transportation that makes it easy to pick up breakfast but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but you will have to pay a $10 toll to cross a bridge? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to carpool with people who live near you but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but you will have to pay a $10 toll to cross a bridge? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but you will have other passengers joining you who like to watch TV shows on their cell phones without headphones? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but you will be 5 minutes late for class each day? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but you will have to sit in light traffic every morning? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but you will have to walk 3 blocks every day to the spot where you will be picked up? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to you choose a mode of transportation that allows you to take a nap until you get to school but the route goes through an area of heavy construction? (R6,C6) 