Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but a system hijack reveals your location? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but the drone fails and explodes? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to obtain better terrain scans but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but a system hijack reveals your location? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but the drone fails and explodes? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to provide stealth navigation but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but a system hijack reveals your location? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but the drone fails and explodes? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to visualize enemy movements but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but a system hijack reveals your location? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but the drone fails and explodes? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to be able to upload data to the base but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but a system hijack reveals your location? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but the drone fails and explodes? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to acquire intelligence but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but a system hijack reveals your location? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but the drone fails and explodes? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but an EMP disables all your electronics? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but a drone failure leads to your capture? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but the drone’s battery catches on fire? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to provide real-time mapping of the area but you cannot be extracted by friendly forces due to changes in the warzone? (R6,C6) 