Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but there are gnats everywhere? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but there are wafts of bad scents? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but noisy construction is being done? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to watch rare birds nesting in the trees outside but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but there are gnats everywhere? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but there are wafts of bad scents? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but noisy construction is being done? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to go outside if its warm, in contrast to your frigid office building but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but there are gnats everywhere? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but there are wafts of bad scents? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but noisy construction is being done? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to hear music playing outside but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but there are gnats everywhere? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but there are wafts of bad scents? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but noisy construction is being done? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to eat outside if the food bar offers a 10% discount to employees who sit outside but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but there are gnats everywhere? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but there are wafts of bad scents? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but noisy construction is being done? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to go to an outdoor seating area that is a great spot for people-watching but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but you forgot sunscreen and the UV is high? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but there are gnats everywhere? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but your lunch time gets reduced because you must walk to the outdoor seating area? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but there are wafts of bad scents? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but noisy construction is being done? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to get free company merch handed out to everyone sitting outside but the open seats have a little bit of bird poop on them? (R6,C6) 
