Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but put your unit at risk? (R1C1)
Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but you will not get the leave on time and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R1C2)
Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but you will not get the leave on time and miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R1C3)
Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but you will not get the leave on time and risk feeling regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R1C4)
Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but you will not get the leave on time and create challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R1C5)
Would you like to attend the birth and ask for leave but you will not get the leave on time and experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R1C6)
Would you like to stay on duty and miss the birth, but you are distracted and put your unit at risk? (R2C1)
Would you like to stay on duty and miss the birth and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R2C2)
Would you like to stay on duty, but you will miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R2C3)
Would you like to stay on duty and miss the birth, but you will be feeling regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R2C4)
Would you like to stay on duty and miss the birth, but you will get challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R2C5)
Would you like to stay on duty and miss the birth and you will experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R2C6)
Would you like to join the moment via video call, but you are distracted and put your unit at risk? (R3C1)
Would you like to join the moment via video call and miss the birth in person and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R3C2)
Would you like to join the moment via video call, but you will miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R3C3)
Would you like to join the moment via video call and miss the birth in person, but you will be feeling regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R3C4)
Would you like to join the moment via video call, but you will get challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R3C5)
Would you like to Join the moment via video call, and you will experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R3C6)
Would you like to ask for an early leave, and put your unit at risk? (R4C1)
Would you like to ask for an early leave but don’t get the leave on time and miss the birth in person and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R4C2)
Would you like to ask for an early leave, but you will not get the leave on time, and  miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R4C3)
Would you like to ask for an early leave and miss the birth in person anyways and feel regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R4C4)
Would you like to ask for an early leave, but you will get challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R4C5)
Would you like to ask for an early leave, and you will experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R4C6)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations, but you are distracted and put your unit at risk? (R5C1)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations but miss the birth in person anyways and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R5C2)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations, but you will miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R5C3)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations but miss the birth in person anyways and you will feel regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R5C4)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations, but you will get challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R5C5)
Would you like to seek permission for a brief visit during a break or temporary lull in operations, but you will experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R5C6)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities, but you are distracted and put your unit at risk? (R6C1)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities but miss the birth in person anyways and strain your relationships with their loved ones? (R6C2)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities, but you will miss important bonding time with the newborn and spouse? (R6C3)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities but miss the birth in person anyways and you will feel regret and guilt for missing the birth? (R6C4)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities, but you will get challenges in balancing personal and professional? (R6C5)
Would you like to coordinate with superiors to arrange for a fellow soldier to temporarily cover essential responsibilities, but you will experience potential conflict with superiors or peers? (R6C6)