Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but they turn out to be annoying? (R1, C1) 
Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R1, C2) 
Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but you have to attend the class very late in the day? (R1, C3) 
Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R1, C4) 
Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but your classmates are rude? (R1, C5) 
Would you sit at the easel closest to the instructor, but your other classmates bring their children with them, and they are bothering you? (R1, C6) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but the instructor is annoying? (R2, C1) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R2, C2) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but you have to attend the class very late in the day? (R2, C3) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R2, C4) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but your classmates are rude? (R2, C5) 
Would you sit next to the student with the best work, but your other classmates bring their children with them, and they are bothering you? (R2, C6) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but the instructor is annoying? (R3, C1) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R3, C2) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but you have to attend the class very late in the day? (R3, C3) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R3, C4) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but your classmates are rude? (R3, C5) 
Would you bring the fanciest paint set with you, but your other classmates brought their children with them, and they are bothering you? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but the instructor is annoying? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but you have to attend the class very late in the day? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but your classmates are rude? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to make new friends in the art class, but your classmates brought their children with them, and they are bothering you? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to be the star student, but the instructor is annoying? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to be the star student, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to be the star student, but you have to attend the class very late in the day?  (R5, C3) 
Would you like to be the star student, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to be the star student, but your classmates are rude? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to be the star student, but your classmates brought their children with them, and they are bothering you? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but the instructor is annoying? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but you are the worst artist out of the group? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but you have to attend the class very late in the day?  (R6, C3) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but you brought the wrong art supplies? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but your classmates are rude? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to have refreshments during the course, but your classmates brought their children with them, and they keep bothering you? (R6, C6) 