Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C1C7)
Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C1C8)
Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C1C9)
Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C1C10)
Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C1C11)
Would you prefer joining an expensive gym that can strain your budget, especially if it requires a long-term commitment or free or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C1C12)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C2C7)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C2C8)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C2C9)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C2C10)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C2C11)
Would you prefer the monthly fees and additional costs for personal training sessions or classes that can add up quickly or free or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C2C12)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C3C7)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C3C8)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C3C9)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C3C10)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C3C11)
Would you prefer expensive gyms may have fewer locations, making it less convenient if there isn't one nearby or free or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C3C12)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C4C7)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C4C8)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C4C9)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C4C10)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C4C11)
Would you prefer popular high-end gyms that can get crowded during peak hours, resulting in longer wait times for equipment or free or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C4C12)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C5C7)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C5C8)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C5C9)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C5C10)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C5C11)
Would you prefer feeling intimidated by the high fitness levels or competitive nature of other gym-goers or free or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C5C12)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or end up paying for fancy facilities or services that you don't fully utilize or need? (C6C7)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or prefer personal trainers and fitness enthusiasts that can create pressure to achieve certain fitness goals? (C6C8)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or expensive gyms that often have strict policies regarding cancellations, making it difficult to adjust your membership? (C6C9)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or high-end gyms that offer a wide range of equipment, but they may lack diversity in class options or workout styles? (C6C10)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or just an average gym but the same gym environment and routine may become monotonous over time, leading to decreased motivation? (C6C11)
Would you prefer having a busy schedule, but it may be challenging to make the most of an expensive gym membership, or low-cost fitness options like outdoor workouts or online resources that may not provide similar benefits? (C6C12)