Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but you are expected to bring a gift? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to have only cake and ice cream at the party but it comes from a bakery and creamery that you love but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but you are expected to bring a gift? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to have separate entertainment for the adults attending the party, including karaoke and outdoor games but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but you are expected to bring a gift? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to watch a well-known magician who performs impressive tricks at the party but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but you are expected to bring a gift? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to have dinner provided at the party, with a variety of choices to select from but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but you are expected to bring a gift? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to go to the party in the morning and you can choose from 15 breakfast cereals and 3 types of fruit smoothies but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but the daughter is both rude and bossy? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but there are 30 5-year-olds invited to the party? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but you are expected to bring a gift? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but the neighbor has five small dogs that always try to jump into your lap? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but your neighbor asks you to pick up the cake that she purchased from the bakery down the street? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have access to an adults-only jacuzzi at the party but your neighbor asks you to come two hours early to help her set up for the party? (R6,C6) 
