Would you like to launch the strike and risk starting a war? (R1C1)
Would you like to launch the strike, even though it can lead to retaliatory attacks? (R1C2)
Would you like to launch the strike, even though it can lead to civilian casualties? (R1C3)
Would you like to launch the strike, even if you lose international support? (R1C4)
Would you like to launch the strike, even if it is an economic cost?  (R1C5)
Would you like to launch the strike, even if it leads to international isolation? (R1C6)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike and still risk starting a war? (R2C1)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike and risk being attacked? (R2C2)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike, even though you are putting at risk the lives of civilians, which may potentially lead to civilian casualties?  (R2C3)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike and lose international support? (R2C4)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike, even if it implies piling economic costs in the long run? (R2C5)
Would you like to decline to launch the strike, even if it leads to international isolation? (R2C6)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, even if it leads to starting a war? (R3C1)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, even if it means to be considered a threat and risk being attacked? (R3C2)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, but still risk having civilian casualties? (R3C3)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, even though it may lead to losing international support? (R3C4)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, even if it leads to accumulating economic costs? (R3C5)
Would you like to have a military advantage over the enemy country, even if leads to international isolation? (R3C6)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, but risk starting a war sometime in the future? (R4C1)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, even though you risk being attacked?  (R4C2)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, even if you risk having civilian casualties? (R4C3)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, even if it leads to losing international support?  (R4C4)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, even if it leads to accumulating economic costs?  (R4C5)
Would you like to have an opportunity to reduce long-term conflict, even if it leads to international isolation?  (R4C6)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, even if you risk starting a war? (R5C1)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, even though you risk being attacked? (R5C2)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, despite knowing that civilian casualties are guaranteed? (R5C3)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, even when you lose international support? (R5C4)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, even if it leads to accumulating economic costs? (R5C5)
Would you like to make your top priority the protection of civilian lives, even if there is international isolation? (R5C6)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if you risk starting a war? (R6C1)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if you risk being attacked? (R6C2)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if you risk having potential civilian casualties? (R6C3)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if it leads to losing international support? (R6C4)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if it leads to accumulating economic costs? (R6C5)
Would you like to ensure the disruption of the enemy’s plans, even if it leads to international isolation? (R6C6)