Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C1C7)
Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C1C8)
Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or in grants and funding? (C1C9)
Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C1C10)
Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C1C11)
Would you like to invest in expensive weapons or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C1C12)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C2C7)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C2C8)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or in grants or funding? (C2C9)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C2C10)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C2C11)
Would you like to invest in less expensive weapons or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C2C12)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C3C7)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C3C8)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or invest in having an availability of grants or funding? (C3C9)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C3C10)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C3C11)
Would you like to invest in a balanced approach for different scenarios or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C3C12)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C4C7)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C4C8)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or invest in having an availability of grants or funding? (C4C9)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C4C10)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C4C11)
Would you like to focus on training and proficiency or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C4C12)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C5C7)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C5C8)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or invest in having an availability of grants or funding? (C5C9)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C5C10)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C5C11)
Would you like to invest in mission specific weapon selection or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C5C12)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or invest in rapid deployment and mobility? (C6C7)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or try to maintain a cost and budget-pooling policy? (C6C8)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or invest in having an availability of grants or funding? (C6C9)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or invest in risk assessment and cost effectiveness? (C6C10)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or invest in evaluating the total cost of ownership? (C6C11)
Would you like to partner with allied forces or invest in potential resale or trade in value? (C6C12)