Would you like to invest in expensive advertising or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C1C7)
Would you like to invest in expensive advertising for both in person and digital or focus only on digital marketing? (C1C8)
Would you like to invest in expensive advertising or get a partnership with an influencer? (C1C9)
Would you like to invest in expensive advertising or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C1C10)
Would you like to invest in expensive advertising or focus only on referral programs? (C1C11)
Would you like to invest in expensive advertising or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C1C12)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C2C7)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or focus only on digital marketing? (C2C8)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or get a partnership with an influencer? (C2C9)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C2C10)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or focus only on referral programs? (C2C11)
Would you like to focus in more affordable marketing strategies or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C2C12)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C3C7)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or focus only on digital marketing? (C3C8)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or get a partnership with an influencer? (C3C9)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C3C10)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or focus only on referral programs? (C3C11)
Would you like to ask a marketing expert before investing in anything or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C3C12)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C4C7)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or focus only on digital marketing? (C4C8)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or get a partnership with an influencer? (C4C9)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C4C10)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or focus only on referral programs? (C4C11)
Would you like to focus in test phase with limited budgets or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C4C12)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C5C7)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or focus only on digital marketing? (C5C8)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or get a partnership with an influencer? (C5C9)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C5C10)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or focus only on referral programs? (C5C11)
Would you like to focus on organic growth and word-of-mouth or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C5C12)
Would you like to focus on hybrid approach with a balanced budget or focus only on seasonal promotions? (C6C7)
Would you like to focus on hybrid approach with a balanced budget o or focus only on digital marketing? (C6C8)
Would you like to focus on hybrid approach with a balanced budget o or get a partnership with an influencer? (C6C9)
Would you like to focus on a hybrid approach with a balanced budget or focus only on customer retention and loyalty programs? (C6C10)
Would you like to focus on a hybrid approach with a balanced budget or focus only on referral programs? (C6C11)
Would you like to focus on a hybrid approach with a balanced budget or focus only on community engagement and partnerships? (C6C12)