Would you stay at your friend's house, but you have to let someone else stay with you in your room? (R1, C1) 
Would you stay at your friend's house, but you must share a bed with someone? (R1, C2) 
Would you stay at your friend's house, but your friend's family aren't friendly? (R1, C3)  
Would you stay at your friend's house, but the room is not clean? (R1, C4) 
Would you stay at your friend's house, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R1, C5) 
Would you stay at your friend's house, but you have limited food choices? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but you have to let someone else stay with you in your room? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but you must share a bed with someone? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but your friend's family aren't friendly? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but the room is not clean? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to bring your spouse or friend with you, but you have limited food choices? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to make new friends, but you have to let someone else stay with you? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to make new friends, but you must share a bed with someone? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to make new friends, but the room is not clean? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to make new friends, but your friend's roommates aren't very friendly? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to make new friends, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to make new friends, but you have limited food choices? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but you have to let someone else stay with you? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but you must share a bed with someone? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but the room is not clean? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but your friend's roommates aren't very friendly? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to stay in a big fancy hotel room paid for by your friend, but you have limited food choices? (R4, C6) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but you have to let someone else stay with you? (R5, C1) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but you must share a bed with someone? (R5, C2) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but the room is not clean? (R5, C3) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but your friend's roommates aren't very friendly? (R5, C4) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R5, C5) 
Would you rent an Airbnb for your stay, but you have limited food choices? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but you have to let someone else stay with you? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but you must share a bed with someone? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but the room is not clean? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but your friend's roommates aren't very friendly? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but you have to share a common bathroom? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to have free food during the stay, but you have limited food choices? (R6, C6) 