Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R1C1)
Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R1C2)
Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R1C3)
Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R1C4)
Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R1C5)
Would you like to fulfill your professional responsibilities and deliver a successful gaming product but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R1C6)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R2C1)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R2C2)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R2C3)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R2C4)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R2C5)
Would you like to demonstrate your skills and expertise in software development but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R2C6)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R3C1)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R3C2)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R3C3)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R3C4)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R3C5)
Would you like to earn recognition and praise from your company for delivering a profitable product but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R3C6)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R4C1)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R4C2)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R4C3)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R4C4)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R4C5)
Would you like to receive financial rewards, bonuses, or promotions for contributing to the company's success but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R4C6)
Would you like to, but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R5C1)
Would you like to have job security and stability by meeting the company's expectations but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R5C2)
Would you like to have job security and stability by meeting the company's expectations but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R5C3)
Would you like to have job security and stability by meeting the company's expectations but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R5C4)
Would you like to have job security and stability by meeting the company's expectations but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R5C5)
Would you like to have job security and stability by meeting the company's expectations but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R5C6)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities, but you will be contributing to environmental harm and negative impacts on the planet? (R6C1)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities but you will be going against your personal values and principles regarding environmental responsibility? (R6C2)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities but you will be facing potential public backlash or criticism for being associated with an environmentally harmful product.? (R6C3)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities but you will be feeling guilty or conflicted about your role in the development of the product? (R6C4)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities but you will be losing job security or facing the possibility of being terminated for refusing to work on the project? (R6C5)
Would you like to be a part of a successful project and potentially advance your career opportunities but you will be dealing with potential disappointment or frustration from your company and colleagues for not delivering the expected product? (R6C6)