Would you like to go to the party or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade/job? (R1, C1)
Would you like to go to the party and strain your relationship with your friends /co-workers? (R1, C2)
Would you like to go to the party and get a hangover? (R1, C3)
Would you like to go to the party and get sick? (R1, C4)
Would you like to go to the party and fall asleep? (R1, C5)
Would you like to go to the party or risk the entire project work getting deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R1, C6)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade/ job? (R2, C1)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project and stain your relationships with your friends/co-workers? (R2, C2)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project and not risk getting a hangover? (R2, C3)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project and not risk getting sick? (R2, C4)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project and not risk falling asleep? (R2, C5)
Would you like to stay home and work on the project and the entire work got deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R2, C6)
Would you like to join the party but come early or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade/job? (R3, C1)
Would you like to join the party but come early and strain your relationships with your friend/co-workers? (R3, C2)
Would you like to join the party but come early and get a hangover? (R3, C3)
Would you like to join the party but come early and get sick? (R3, C4)
Would you like to join the party but come early and fall asleep? (R3, C5)
Would you like to join the party but come early and the entire project work got deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R3, C6)
Would you like to take your work to the party or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade /job? (R4, C1)
Would you like to take your work to the party and strain your relationship with your friends/co-workers? (R4, C2)
Would you like to take your work to the party and get a hangover? (R4, C3)
Would you like to take your work to the party and get sick? (R4, C4)
Would you like to take your work to the party and fall asleep? (R4, C5)
Would you like to take your work to the party and the entire project work got deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R4, C6)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade/ job? (R5,C1)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project and strain your relationship with your friends/ co-workers? (R5, C2)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project and get a hangover? (R5, C3)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project and get sick? (R5, C4)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project and fall asleep? (R5, C5)
Would you like to go to the party and wake up early to work on the project and the entire project work got deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R5, C6)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party or risk not being able to finish the project, even though it could affect your grade/ job? (R6, C1)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party and strain your relationship with your friend/co-workers? (R6, C2)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party and get a hangover? (R6, C3)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party and get sick? (R6, C4)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party and fall asleep? (R6, C5)
Would you like to ask a friend to help you out by finishing the project early so you can join the party and the entire project work got deleted and you don’t have a backup? (R6, C6)