Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or have a loyal fan base?  (R1R6)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or sell millions of albums? (R1R7)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or have sold out concert tours?  (R1R8)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or have worldwide recognition?  (R1R9)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or be featured in film and tv? (R1R10)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or have innovative artistic opportunities? (R1R11)
Would you prefer to partner with a producer of East Asisa to enhance the quality of your music videos or become a cultural legacy? (R1R12)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or have a loyal fanbase? (R2R6)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or sell millions of albums? (R2R7)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or have sold out concert tours? (R2R8)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or have worldwide recognition?  (R2R9)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or be featured in film and tv?  (R2R10)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or have innovative artistic opportunities?  (R2R11)
Would you prefer to strategize to increase the views of your music videos or become a cultural legacy? (R2R12)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or have a loyal fanbase?   (R3R6)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or sell millions of albums? (R3R7)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or have sold out concert tours? (R3R8)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or have worldwide recognition? (R3R9)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or be featured in film and tv? (R3R10)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or have innovative artistic opportunities?  (R3R11)
Would you prefer to make global collaborations or become a cultural legacy?  (R3R12)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or have a loyal fanbase?  (R4R6)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or sell millions of albums?  (R4R7)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or have sold out concert tours?  (R4R8)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or have worldwide recognition?  (R4R9)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or be featured in film and tv?  (R4R10)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or have innovative artistic opportunities?  (R4R11)
Would you prefer to have artistic freedom or become a cultural legacy? (R4R12)
Would you prefer to have financial success or have a loyal fanbase?  (R5R6)
Would you prefer to have financial success or sell millions of albums? (R5R7)
Would you prefer to have financial success or have sold out concert tours?  (R5R8)
Would you prefer to have financial success or have worldwide recognition?  (R5R9)
Would you prefer to have financial success or be featured in film and tv?  (R5R10)
Would you prefer to have financial success or have innovative artistic opportunities?  (R5R11)
Would you prefer to have financial success or become a cultural legacy? (R5R12)
Would you prefer to have a loyal fan base or sell millions of your albums? (R6R7)