Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately and put the soldier and the hostages at risk or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R1C1 R2C2)
Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately with high risk and damage diplomatic relations or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but compromise operational secrecy? (R1C3 R2C4)
Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately with high risk and diversion fails, leading to heightened security or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R1C5 R2C6)
Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately with high risk and diversion fails with a covert infiltration is detected or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R1C7 R2C8)
Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately with high risk and diversion fails but the enemy refuses any trade or exchange or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R1C9 R2C10)
Would you like to attempt to rescue the hostages immediately with high risk and diversion fails but hostages' communication is intercepted or call for backup and wait for reinforcements, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R1C11 R2C12)
Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages, but you will be putting the soldier and the hostages at risk or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R3C1 R4C2)
Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages but and damage diplomatic relations or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength but compromise operational secrecy? (R3C3 R4C4)
Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages, leading to heightened security or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R3C5 R4C6)
10. Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages if covert infiltration is detected or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R3C7 R4C8)
11. Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages, but the enemy refuses any trade or exchange or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R3C9 R4C10)
12. Would you like to try to negotiate with the enemy forces to secure the release of the hostages, but hostages' communication is intercepted or gather intelligence on the enemy's position and strength, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R3C11 R4C12)
13. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces but put the soldier and the hostages at risk or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R5C1 R6C2)
14. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces and damage diplomatic relations or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but compromise operational secrecy? (R5C3 R6C4)
15. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces, leading to heightened security or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R5C5 R6C6)
16. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces with a covert infiltration is detected or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R5C7 R6C8)
17. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces, but the enemy refuses any trade or exchange or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R5C9 R6C10)
18. Would you like to create a diversion to distract the enemy forces, but hostages' communication is intercepted or seek help from local allies or resistance groups, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R5C11 R6C12)
19. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration and put the soldier and the hostages at risk or explore potential diplomatic channels, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R7C1 R8C2)
20. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration and damage diplomatic relations or explore potential diplomatic channels, but compromise operational secrecy? (R7C3 R8C4)
21. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration, leading to heightened security or exploring potential diplomatic channels, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R7C5 R8C6)
22. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration or exploring potential diplomatic channels, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R7C7 R8C8)
23. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration, but the enemy refuses any trade or exchange or explores potential diplomatic channels, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R7C9 R8C10)
24. Would you like to consider the option of a covert infiltration, but hostages' communication is intercepted, or explore potential diplomatic channels, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R7C11, R8C12)
25. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange and put the soldier and the hostages at risk or evacuate the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R9C1, R10C2)
26. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange with high risk and damaging diplomatic relations or evacuate the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but compromise operational secrecy? (R9C3, R10C4)
27. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange with high risk and diversion failures, leading to heightened security or evacuating the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R9C5, R10C6)
28. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange with high risk and diversion fails with a covert infiltration is detected or evacuate the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R9C7, R10C8)
29. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange with high risk and diversion fails but the enemy refuses any trade or evacuate the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R9C9, R10C10)
30. Would you like to assess the possibility of a trade or exchange with high risk, but hostages' communication is intercepted or call for evacuation of the civilians to a safer location before engaging the enemy, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R9C11, R10C12)
31. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information and put the soldier and the hostages at risk or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but the enemy force may kill some hostages? (R11C1, R12C2)
32. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information and damage diplomatic relations or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but compromise operational secrecy? (R11C3, R12C4)
33. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information, leading to heightened security, or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but local allies might not be trustworthy? (R11C5, R12C6)
34. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information with a covert infiltration is detected or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but diplomatic efforts are rejected, escalating tensions? (R11C7, R12C8)
35. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information, but the enemy refuses any trade or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but has high risks during evacuation even with the extra help? (R11C9 R12C10)
36. Would you like to establish communication with the hostages to gather more information, but hostages' communication is intercepted, or initiate a joint operation with other friendly forces, but you get joint operation coordination issues? (R11C11, R12C12)