Would you like to rent a fancy venue which is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C1C7)
Would you like to rent a fancy venue which is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C1C8)
Would you like to rent a fancy venue that is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C1C9)
Would you like to rent a fancy venue that is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C1C10)
Would you like to rent a fancy venue which is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C1C11)
Would you like to rent a fancy venue which is expensive and may limit the number of guests due to space constraints or go or potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions?(C1C12)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C2C7)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C2C8)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C2C9)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C2C10)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C2C11)
Would you like to hire a live band that is costly and might not cater to everyone's musical preferences or go or potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions? (C2C12)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C3C7)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C3C8)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C3C9)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C3C10)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C3C11)
Would you like to hire a gourmet catering service which is expensive and may not accommodate dietary restrictions or preferences or go or potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions? (C3C12)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C4C7)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C4C8)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C4C9)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C4C10)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C4C11)
Would you like to host the party in a backyard that will have limited space and potential weather-related issues or preferences or go or potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions? (C4C12)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C5C7)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C5C8)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C5C9)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C5C10)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C5C11)
Would you like homemade decoration that is time-consuming and may not have a professional touch or preferences or go for potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions? (C5C12)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or rent a small community hall that might lack the ambiance of a fancy venue? (C6C7)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or hire a DJ instead of a live band that might not appeal to everyone? (C6C8)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or limit the budget for decorations which may result in a less visually appealing atmosphere? (C6C9)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or rent a community hall that might have scheduling conflicts causing availability of the hall to be limited? (C6C10)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or the DJ you appointed might not have the same energy as a live band? (C6C11)
Would you like potluck-style meals that will be unpredictable in terms of food quality and variety or go for potluck-style meals that may result in uneven contributions? (C6C12)