Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to Sponsor a non-profit organization to further promote your company’s product. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to Support your employees by increasing their wages by 1.5 % higher than your competitors'. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to Increase investment in the material production sector to fully control importation and exportation of materials, reducing the possibility of labor exploitation. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to Expand the company to have two production facilities. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Increase sales online by giving out a 30% discount to your next first 100 buyers. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Partner with an eco-friendly production team to promote your food product to a wider audience.? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Partner with one of your competitors to enhance your product and lower production costs.? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Increase investment in the material production sector to reduce material costs and increase production.? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Expand the company to have a wider relaxation area for your workers, to promote a better working environment.? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Increase sales by investing 1M dollars to partner with a celebrity.? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to Expand your product line and ship outside of U.S., thus increasing buyers. or Limit your production line to three main food categories but enhance the quality of the products to the maximum.? (R6,C6) 
