Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but people keep stealing your merchandise? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but you a making no sales? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but someone trashed your stand?  (R1, C4) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but you are set up in a poor location? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/make connections, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but people keep stealing your merchandise? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but you a making no sales? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but someone trashed your stand?  (R2, C4) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but you are set up in a poor location? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to visit all the stands at the market, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R2, C6) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but people keep stealing your merchandise?  (R3, C1) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but you a making no sales? (R3, C2) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R3, C3) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but someone trashed your stand?  (R3, C4) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but you are set up in a poor location? (R3, C5) 
Would you like a friend/family member to help run your stand, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but people keep stealing your merchandise?  (R4, C1) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but you a making no sales? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but someone trashed your stand?  (R4, C4) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but you are set up in a poor location? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to have a unique stand compared to other vendors, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but people keep stealing your merchandise?  (R5, C1) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but you a making no sales? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but someone trashed your stand?  (R5, C4) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but you are set up in a poor location? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to have a lot of interest from potential buyers, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but people keep stealing your merchandise?  (R6, C1) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but you a making no sales? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but your banking app keeps losing signal? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but someone trashed your stand? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but you are set up in a poor location? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to have nice weather, but you receive negative criticism on your merchandise? (R6, C6)