Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car only comes with one key fob? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to have a car that gets great gas mileage but the car has very little trunk space? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car only comes with one key fob? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to get to customize the interior lining and seat covers for free but the car has very little trunk space? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car only comes with one key fob? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to get a 10% discount but the car has very little trunk space? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car only comes with one key fob? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to pay lower insurance on the new car but the car has very little trunk space? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car only comes with one key fob? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to have floormats with a lifetime warranty but the car has very little trunk space? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car doesn’t come with a spare tire? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car doesn’t come with a toolbox/roadside kit? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car doesn’t have a camera at the back that helps you park? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car only comes with one key fob? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car doesn’t have air conditioning? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to get one free car wash per month for the next 5 years but the car has very little trunk space? (R6,C6) 
