Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R1C1)
Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R1C2)
Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R1C3)
Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R1C4)
Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R1C5)
Would you like to uphold your moral principles and integrity, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R1C6)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R2C1)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R2C2)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R2C3)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R2C4)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R2C5)
Would you like to protect innocent civilians and avoid causing harm, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R2C6)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R3C1)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R3C2)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R3C3)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R3C4)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R3C5)
Would you like to maintain a clear conscience and inner peace, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R3C6)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R4C1)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R4C2)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R4C3)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R4C4)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R4C5)
Would you like to earn the respect of your peers and superiors for standing up for what is right, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R4C6)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R5C1)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R5C2)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R5C3)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R5C4)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R5C5)
Would you like to ensure justice and fairness in your actions, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R5C6)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be facing disciplinary actions or punishment for disobeying a direct order? (R6C1)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be risking your military career or opportunities for advancement? (R6C2)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be dealing with potential social isolation or resentment from fellow soldiers? (R6C3)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be creating tension or conflict within your unit or chain of command? (R6C4)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be endangering the success of the mission or compromising national security? (R6C5)
Would you like to be a responsible and ethical member of the military, but you will be experiencing feelings of guilt or regret if you believe you let down your comrades or country? (R6C6)