Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you have irreversible neural damage? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you have a stroke? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you have a seizure? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to gain a temporary increase in focus but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you have irreversible neural damage? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you have a stroke? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you have a seizure? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to read slightly faster but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you have irreversible neural damage? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you have a stroke? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you have a seizure? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to feel like you are processing information faster but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you have irreversible neural damage? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you have a stroke? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you have a seizure? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to experience higher sensory alertness but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you have irreversible neural damage? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you have a stroke? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you have a seizure? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to have a minute increase in reaction time but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you have irreversible neural damage? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you experience persistent hallucinations? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you have memory loss after the stimulant wears off? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you have a stroke? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you have a seizure? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to remember a bit more but you go to the hospital for brain inflammation? (R6,C6) 