Would you like to stay with the child, but you might get lost in the woods? (R1C1)
Would you like to stay with the child, but you will be breaking the law by not following the trail? (R1C2)
Would you like to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility it’s a trap? (R1C3)
Would you like to stay with the child, but the child is heavily injured, and you are not carrying a first-aid kit to help him/her anyway? (R1C4)
Would you like to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility of risking your life by not following the trail? (R1C5)
Would you like to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility of getting arrested due to breaking the law? (R1C6)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but you might get lost in the woods while moving forward? (R2C1)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but you will be breaking the law by not following the trail? (R2C2)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility it’s a trap? (R2C3)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but the child is heavily injured, and you are not carrying a first-aid kit to help him/her anyway? (R2C4)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility of risking your life by not following the trail? (R2C5)
Would you like to find someone else to stay with the child, but there’s a possibility of getting arrested due to breaking the law? (R2C6)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone, but you might get lost in the woods while moving forward? (R3C1)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone and move from the trail, but you will be breaking the law by not following the trail? (R3C2)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone but there’s a possibility it’s a trap set up to see how you react in certain situations? (R3C3)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone, but the child is heavily injured, and you are not carrying a first-aid kit to help him/her anyway? (R3C4)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone, but there’s a possibility of risking your life by not following the trail? (R3C5)
Would you like to call 911 and leave the child alone, but there’s a possibility of getting arrested due to breaking the law? (R3C6)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance you might get lost in the woods? (R4C1)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance you would be breaking the law by not helping the child? (R4C2)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance there is a trap ahead? (R4C3)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance the child is heavily injured? (R4C4)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance of risking your life by not following the trail? (R4C5)
Would you like to ignore the child and continue the trail, but there’s a chance you might be arrested for not helping the child? (R4C6)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance that you might get lost in the woods? (R5C1)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance that you could be breaking the law by not staying on the trail? (R5C2)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance that it could be a trap? (R5C3)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance that you are dealing with a heavily injured child? (R5C4)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance of risking your life by not following the trail? (R5C5)
Would you like to take the child to the hospital, but there’s a chance that you might be arrested? (R5C6)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance you might get lost in the woods? (R6C1)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance you could be breaking the law by not staying on the trail? (R6C2)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance it could be a trap? (R6C3)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance you are dealing with a heavily injured child? (R6C4)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance you are risking your life by not following the trail? (R6C5)
Would you like to call for help and stay with the child, but there's a chance you might be arrested? (R6C6)