Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to find out about an express train that goes directly to the city and will get you there earlier than expected but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to drive and spend an hour at a fun tourist attraction on the way but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to go by train but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to go by train but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to go by train but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to go by train but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to go by train but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to go by train but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to drive and make a stop to see a relative, and head for your friend’s place the next morning but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to drive using your own car but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but work has been difficult, so you will be very tired as you travel? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but and don’t have time to change before you leave? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but Your friends asks you to pick up a large package for him/her and bring it with you? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but You will have to stay at a hotel tonight? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but You are joined by an obnoxious mutual friend? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have a good friend drive you in their car but You will be outdoors a lot during this commute? (R6,C6) 
