Would you like to take the job, but you would be risking losing your relationship? (R1C1)
Would you like to take the job, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in your present job? (R1C2)
Would you like to take the job, but you would be missing getting higher pay in your present job? (R1C3)
Would you like to take the job, but you would be getting same low pay as your present job? (R1C4)
Would you like to take the job, but you would be risking family time or social time as new job demands more work hours? (R1C5)
Would you like to take the job, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R1C6)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you would be risking losing your relationship for not moving to a better job in a better city? (R2C1)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in the new job? (R2C2)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you would be missing getting higher pay in the new job? (R2C3)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you would be getting same low pay? (R2C4)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you would be risking family time or social time as your job demands more work hours? (R2C5)
Would you like to stay in the current job, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R2C6)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you would be risking losing your relationship? (R3C1)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in the old job? (R3C2)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you would be missing getting higher pay in the old job? (R3C3)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you would be getting the same low pay? (R3C4)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you would be risking family time or social time as your job demands more work hours? (R3C5)
Would you like to take the job and enjoy the busy life in a new city, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R3C6)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you would be risking losing your relationship? (R4C1)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in the old job? (R4C2)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you would be missing getting higher pay in the old job? (R4C3)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you would be getting the same low pay? (R4C4)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you would be risking family time or social time as your job demands more work hours? (R4C5)
Would you like to convince your partner to move with you, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R4C6)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you would be risking losing your relationship? (R5C1)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in the old job? (R5C2)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you would be missing getting higher pay in the old job? (R5C3)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you would be getting the same low pay? (R5C4)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you would be risking family time or social time as your job demands more work hours? (R5C5)
Would you like to take the job and have a long-distance relationship, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R5C6)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you would be risking losing your relationship? (R6C1)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you would be missing career growth opportunities in the new job? (R6C2)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you would be missing getting higher pay in the new job? (R6C3)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you would be getting the same low pay? (R6C4)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you would be risking family time or social time as your job demands more work hours? (R6C5)
Would you like to stay in your current job because your family and friends are close by to help, but you will have to look for new places to stay? (R6C6)