Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but you must also pay for the parking meter/permit? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but there are also annoying passengers in the car with you? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but you are late to class? (R1, C3)  
Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but you also experience heavy traffic? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but you also take a longer route? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to have a friend drive you to school, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but you must pay for the parking meter/permit? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but there are also annoying passengers in the car with you? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but you are late to class? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but you also experience heavy traffic? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but you also take a longer route? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to have a parent/spouse drive you to school, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but you must pay for the parking meter/permit ? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but there are also annoying passengers in the car with you? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but you are late to class? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but you also experience heavy traffic? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but you also take a longer route ? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to drive your own car to school, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but you must still pay for the parking meter/permit ? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but there are also annoying passengers in the car with you? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but you are late to class? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but you also experience heavy traffic ? (R4, C4)  
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but you also take a longer route? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to have a public bus drive you to school, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but you must pay for the parking meter/permit ? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but there are also annoying passengers in the car with you? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but you are late to class ? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but you also experience heavy traffic ? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but you also take a longer route? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to carpool with classmates, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but you must pay for the parking meter/permit ? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but there are also annoying people riding with you? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but you are late to class ? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but you also experience heavy traffic? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but you also take a longer route? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to ride a bicycle to school, but you also make multiple stops on the way there? (R6, C6)