Would you like to make your connecting flight but your luggage is lost? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to make your connecting flight but some of your belongings are stolen? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to make your connecting flight but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to make your connecting flight but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to make your connecting flight but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to make your connecting flight but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but your luggage is lost? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but some of your belongings are stolen? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to eat local cuisine but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but your luggage is lost? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but some of your belongings are stolen? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to ride in a taxi but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but your luggage is lost? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but some of your belongings are stolen? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to stay in a mediocre hotel but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to walk around but your luggage is lost? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to walk around but some of your belongings are stolen? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to walk around but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to walk around but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to walk around but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to walk around but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but your luggage is lost? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but some of your belongings are stolen? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but the in-flight air conditioning stops working after takeoff, so the flight is hot and stuffy? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but you get sick and struggle to find help? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but you overspend and ruin your finances? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to receive a blanket on the plane but you get scammed and overcharged throughout the trip? (R6,C6) 