Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of getting fired from your job? (R1C1)
Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of being arrested? (R1C2)
Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of getting suspended at work? (R1C3)
Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of the student failing his classes? (R1C4)
Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of failing to help the student into the prestigious university? (R1C5)
Would you like to steal the money for the student but there’s a chance of being fined? (R1C6)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of being fired from your job? (R2C1)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of breaking the law and being arrested? (R2C2)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of getting suspended at work? (R2C3)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of the student failing his classes? (R2C4)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of failing to get the student into the prestigious university?  (R2C5)
Would you like to start a go fund me, but there’s a chance of being fined for breaking the rules? (R2C6)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of getting fired from your job? (R3C1)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of breaking the law and being arrested? (R3C2)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of getting suspended at work? (R3C3)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of the student failing his classes at the university? (R3C4)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of the student failing to get into the prestigious university? (R3C5)
Would you like to collect money from everyone in the community, but there's a chance of being fined for breaking the rules? (R3C6)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of getting fired from your job? (R4C1)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of breaking the law and being arrested? (R4C2)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of being suspended at work? (R4C3)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of the student failing his classes at the university? (R4C4)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of the student failing to get into the university? (R4C5)
Would you like to help the student's family get a loan, but there's a chance of being fined for breaking the rules? (R4C6)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of getting fired from your job? (R5C1)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of breaking the law and getting arrested? (R5C2)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of being suspended at work? (R5C3)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of the student failing his classes at the university? (R5C4)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of the student failing to get into the university? (R5C5)
Would you like to do nothing and fail to help him get into the prestigious university, but there's a chance of being fined for breaking the rules? (R5C6)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of being fired from your job? (R6C1)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of Breaking the law and being arrested? (R6C2)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of being suspended at work? (R6C3)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of the student failing his classes at the university? (R6C4)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of the student failing to get into the university? (R6C5)
Would you like to help the student with your own money, but there's a chance of being fined for breaking the rules? (R6C6)