Should you keep the wallet and feel guilty about keeping it? (R1C1)
Should you keep the wallet but face potential consequences for theft? (R1C2)
Should you keep the wallet but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R1C3)
Should you keep the wallet, but you will be betraying your principles and values? (R1C4)
Should you keep the wallet, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R1C5)
Should you keep the wallet but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R1C6)
Should you return the wallet but feel guilty about keeping the money? (R2C1)
Should you return the wallet but face potential consequences for theft? (R2C2)
Should you return the wallet but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R2C3)
Should you return the wallet, but you will be betraying your principles and values for keeping a little bit money for yourself? (R2C4)
Should you return the wallet a few days later, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R2C5)
Should you return the wallet, but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R2C6)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it and feel guilty about it? (R3C1)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it but face potential consequences for theft?(R3C2)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R3C3)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it, but you will be betraying your principles and values? (R3C4)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R3C5)
Should you put the wallet back where you found it, but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R3C6)
Should you help someone in need with the money but feel guilty about it? (R4C1)
Should you help someone in need with the money but face potential consequences for theft? (R4C2)
Should you help someone in need with the money but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R4C3)
Should you help someone in need with the money, but you will be betraying your principles and values? (R4C4)
Should you help someone in need with the money, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R4C5)
Should you help someone in need with the money, but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R4C6)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger but feel guilty about it? (R5C1)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger but face potential consequences for theft? (R5C2)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R5C3)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger, but you will be betraying your principles and values? (R5C4)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R5C5)
Should you spend the money on groceries and alleviate hunger, but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R5C6)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing but feel guilty about not donating to someone in need? (R6C1)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing but face potential consequences for theft? (R6C2)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing but face potential legal consequences for theft? (R6C3)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing, but you will be betraying your principles and values? (R6C4)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing, but you will be causing distress to the owner who lost their wallet? (R6C5)
Should you experience the satisfaction of doing the right thing, but you will be damaging your reputation and integrity in the long run? (R6C6)