Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to meet other local vendors/establish connections but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to visit all the other stands at the market but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to see a social media “influencer” who has purchased your product at the market but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to have no competing vendors with similar merchandise to yours but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to have three of your friends visit you and make purchases but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but you have to give 10% of the money earned from your merchandise sales to the market organizers as your fee? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but you must arrive at 6 AM to get a spot, meaning that you must wake up at 5 AM? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but your assigned spot is in a sunny area with no shade? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but it is 90 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but spots are pre-assigned and the only spot available is near the bathrooms and trash cans? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to hand out business cards and flyers promoting the internet site where you sell your goods but there are no bathrooms near your assigned spot? (R6,C6) 
