Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but also get fired from your dream job? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?  (R1, C5) 
Would you like to date/get married to your ideal partner, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but also get fired from your dream job? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?   (R2, C5) 
Would you like to travel across the world, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but also get fired from your dream job? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?  (R3, C5) 
Would you like to have/adopt children, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but also get fired from your dream job? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?  (R4, C5) 
Would you like to adopt pets, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but also get fired from your dream job? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?  (R5, C5) 
Would you like to buy/rent a larger house/apartment, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but also get fired from your dream job? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but also live paycheck to paycheck? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but also receive an unexpected medical/vet bill? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but you also lose your phone and can’t replace it? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but you also get diagnosed with a non-life-threatening disease?  (R6, C5) 
Would you like to buy a new car, but also have large monthly student loan payments? (R6, C6)