Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R1C1)
Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R1C2)
Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R1C3)
Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R1C4)
Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R1C5)
Should you stay at the party and continue enjoying the fun and socializing with friends, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R1C6)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R2C1)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R2C2)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R2C3)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R2C4)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R2C5)
Should you maintain a positive and carefree atmosphere at the party without getting involved in conflicts, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R2C6)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R3C1)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R3C2)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R3C3)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R3C4)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R3C5)
Should you avoid potential awkwardness or discomfort that may arise from intervening in a sensitive situation, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R3C6)
Should you have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R4C1)
Should you have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R4C2)
Should you have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R4C3)
Should you have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R4C4)
Should you s have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R4C5)
Should you have a good time and create lasting memories with friends and new acquaintances, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R4C6)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R5C1)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R5C2)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R5C3)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R5C4)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R5C5)
Should you feel accepted and included in the social setting, enjoying the sense of belonging, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R5C6)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment, but you have to witness someone being mistreated? (R6C1)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment, but you will be compromising your own values and principles by not standing up for what is right? (R6C2)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment, but feeling guilty or regretful afterward for not taking action to stop the mistreatment? (R6C3)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment, but potentially facing conflicts or disagreements with others who condone the mistreatment? (R6C4)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment but experience the emotional burden of knowing you could have made a difference but chose not to? (R6C5)
Should you like not face potential confrontation or negative reactions from others involved in the mistreatment, but risk damage to your reputation or social standing if others perceive you as indifferent to injustice? (R6C6)