Would you like to take the job and risk being laid off, even though it could lead to a high salary? (R1C1)
Would you like to take the job and risk missing out on a high salary somewhere else? (R1C2)
Would you like to take the job, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R1C3)
Would you like to take the job, even though it could lead an impact on personal life? (R1C4)
Would you like to take the job, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R1C5)
Would you like to take the job, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R1C6)
Would you like to decline the job, even though it could lead to a high salary? (R2C1)
Would you like to decline the job, and risk missing out on a high salary? (R2C2)
Would you like to decline the job, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R2C3)
Would you like to decline the job, even though it could lead to an impact on personal life? (R2C4)
Would you like to decline the job, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R2C5)
Would you like to decline the job, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R2C6)
Would you like to look for more job options, even though this one could lead to a high salary? (R3C1)
Would you like to look for more job options and risk missing out on a high salary? (R3C2)
Would you like to look for more job options, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R3C3)
Would you like to look for more job options, even though it could lead an impact on personal life? (R3C4)
Would you like to look for more job options, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R3C5)
Would you like to look for more job options, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R3C6)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities, even though it could lead to being laid off? (R4C1)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities and risk missing out on a high salary somewhere else? (R4C2)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R4C3)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities, even though it could lead an impact on personal life? (R4C4)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R4C5)
Would you like to be looking for networking opportunities, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R4C6)
Would you like to have high earning potential, even though it could lead to being laid off? (R5C1)
Would you like to have high earning potential and risk missing out on a high salary somewhere else? (R5C2)
Would you like to have high earning potential, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R5C3)
Would you like to have high earning potential, even though it could lead an impact on personal life? (R5C4)
Would you like to have high earning potential, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R5C5)
Would you like to have high earning potential, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R5C6)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills but there is a risk of being laid off for focusing too much on skill development? (R6C1)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills and risk missing out on a high salary somewhere else? (R6C2)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills, even though it could lead to job insecurity? (R6C3)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills, even though it could lead to an impact on personal life? (R6C4)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills, even though it could lead to a lack of job benefits? (R6C5)
Would you like to focus more on developing skills, even though it could lead to reduced job satisfaction? (R6C6)