Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to go online to buy your ticket, and there are abundant seats in your favorite spot to sit but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to see that the theatre lobby has displays of memorabilia from your favorite movie that you can look at but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to go to a panel discussion with the director of the movie immediately after the show but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to buy the tickets are half-price but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to show but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to show but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to show but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to show but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to show but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to show but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but this movie theatre is always very chilly? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but someone at work spoiled the ending of the movie for you? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but the concession stand sells only expensive candy bars? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but the movie theatre is next to a construction area and the sounds of jackhammering can be heard inside the theatre? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but you must take public transportation to get to the theater? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to go to a theater that has a food delivery service that will bring takeout to your seat but the closest theater is a 20-minute drive? (R6,C6) 
