Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to have access to abundance of free parking and a free shuttle to take you from your car to the park entrance but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to go when weather is beautiful (not too hot/cold but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to go if the park has 10 different roller coasters but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to go when the park is running a promotion where the entry tickets are half-price but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to receive a free keychain from the park for visiting but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but because it is new, the lines have been really long because so many people are going to the park? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but the rides are far apart from each other, and you’ll have to do a lot of walking? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but just yesterday, you fell and scraped your knees so walking in the park will cause you pain? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but you don’t have comfortable walking shoes, so your feet might be tired? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but your phone is nearly out of storage, and you won’t be able to take photos? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to go to the park when there is a zoo section that you can visit but you have been saving up for a big purchase, so you will be on a budget that permits you from spending money freely on games and food? (R6,C6) 
