Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits?  (R1R6)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment?  (R1R7)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or hire a construction team to build you a personalized training area in your house?  (R1R8)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or grow your fan base by accepting various media interviews a week?  (R1R9)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities?  (R1R10)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or practice with a sport team member to learn from them and create new better techniques?  (R1R11)
Would you prefer to create a scholarship foundation to help young aspiring athletes or invest your money in a small sports bar business for your family to inherit and work in?  (R1R12)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits? (R2R6)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment? (R2R7)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or hire a construction team to build you a personalized training area in your house?  (R2R8)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or grow your fan base by accepting various media interviews a week?  (R2R9)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities?  (R2R10)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or practice with a sport team member to learn from them and create new better techniques? (R2R11)
Would you prefer to hire the best trainers to help you set more records or invest your money in a small sports bar business for your family to inherit and work in?  (R2R12)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits?    (R3R6)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment? (R3R7)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or hire a construction team to build you a personalized training area in your house?  (R3R8)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or grow your fan base by accepting various media interviews a week?  (R3R9)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities?  (R3R10)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or practice with a sport team member to learn from them and create new better techniques?  (R3R11)
Would you prefer to grow your fan base by giving free signed shirts or invest your money in a small sports bar business for your family to inherit and work in?  (R3R12)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits? (R4R6)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment? (R4R7)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or hire a construction team to build you a personalized training area in your house?  (R4R8)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or grow your fan base by accepting various media interviews a week?  (R4R9)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities?  (R4R10)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or practice with a sport team member to learn from them and create new better techniques?  (R4R11)
Would you prefer to partner with a sports drink company to increase your popularity/influence or invest your money in a small sports bar business for your family to inherit and work in?  (R4R12)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits?   (R5R6)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment? (R5R7)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or hire a construction team to build you a personalized training area in your house?  (R5R8)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or grow your fan base by accepting various media interviews a week?  (R5R9)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or partner with a charity group and help them raise funds for students with disabilities?  (R5R10)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or?  (R5R11)
Would you prefer to practice earlier than usual twice a week to perfect your sport techniques or practice with a sport team member to learn from them and create new better techniques?  (R5R12)
Would you prefer to invest your money in a sport-related business to increase your personal profits or create a grant foundation to help low-income communities upgrade their school’s sports equipment?  (R6R7)