Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance you might be arrested? (R1C1) 
Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance you might be fined? (R1C2) 
Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance you might be too late to save your spouse/family member? (R1C3) 
Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance you might be both arrested and fined? (R1C4) 
Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R1C5) 
Would you like to steal the cure but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt? (R1C6) 
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of getting arrested? (R2C1) 
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of getting fined? (R2C2) 
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be too late to save your spouse/ family member? (R2C3) 
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be both arrested and fined? (R2C4)
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R2C5)
Would you like to get inside help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt? (R2C6)
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be arrested? (R3C1)
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of being fined? (R3C2)
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be too late to save your spouse/family member? (R3C3)
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of being both fined and arrested? (R3C4) 
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R3C5)
Would you like to ask someone close to you for help to steal the cure, but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt? (R3C6) 
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance you might be arrested? (R4C1)
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance of getting fined? (R4C2) 
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance you might be too late to save your spouse/family member? (R4C3) 
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance of being both fined and arrested? (R4C4)
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R4C5) 
Would you like to ask your friends for monetary help, but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt 
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance of being arrested? (R5C1) 
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance of Being fined? (R5C2) 
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance you might be too late to save your spouse/family member? (R5C3)
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance of being both fined and arrested? (R5C4) 
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R5C5) 
Would you like to take out a loan, but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt? (R5C6) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance of being arrested? (R6C1) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance of Being fined? (R6C2) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance you might be too late. To save your spouse/ family member? (R6C3) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance of being both fined and arrested? (R6C4) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance you might be taking the cure from someone else? (R6C5) 
Would you like to sell your home to afford the cure, but there's a chance of becoming bankrupt? (R6C6) 