Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but risk having unexpected debt, or buy a new car and prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house? (R1C1, R2C2)
Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but be in constant stress, or buy a new car and work more and sacrifice social time? (R1C3, R2C4)
Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but risk having financial burden further down the line, or buy a new car and risk straining your personal relationships?   (R1C5, R2C6)
Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but spend additional money on upgrading the car to your liking, or buy a new car, but burn out quickly?  (R1C7, R2C8)
Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but commute for longer hours to work, or buy a new car, but risk car breaking down? (R1C9, R2C10)
Would you like to use money for a down payment on a house, but regret your decision, or buy a new car and risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional?  (R1C11, R2C12)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but risk having unexpected debt, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house and prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house? (R3C1, R4C2)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but be in constant stress, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house, but work more and sacrifice social time?  (R3C3, R4C4)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but risk having financial burden further down the line, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house, but risk straining your personal relationships? (R3C5, R4C6)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but spend additional money on upgrading the car to your liking, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house, but burn out quickly? (R3C7, R4C8)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but commute for longer hours to work, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house, but risk your car breaking down? (R3C9, R4C10)
Would you like to use a credit loan to purchase a new car, but regret your decision, or save for both a new car and the down payment of a house, but risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional? (R3C11, R4C12)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but risk having unexpected debt, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house?    (R5C1, R6C2)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but be in constant stress, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but work more and sacrifice social time? (R5C3, R6C4)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but   risk having financial burden further down the line, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but risk straining your personal relationships?  (R5C5, R6C6)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but spend additional money on upgrading the car to your liking, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but experience burn out faster?  (R5C7, R6C8)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but have a longer commute to work, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but risk the car breaking down?  (R5C9, R6C10)
Would you like to choose an old and cheap house in need of extreme remodeling to give a smaller down payment, but you regret your decision later, or borrow money from a friend to buy a new car and pay back without rates, but risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional?  (R5C11, R6C12)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but risk having unexpected debt, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house?  (R7C1, R8C2)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but be in constant stress, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but work more and sacrifice social time? (R7C3, R8C4)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but risk having financial burden further down the line, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but risk straining your personal relationships? (R7C5, R8C6)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but spend additional money on upgrading the car to your liking, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but burn out quickly?  R7C7, R8C8)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but end up having longer commuting hours to work, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but risk your car breaking down?  (R7C9, R8C10)
Would you like to only use half the money saved to buy a semi-new automatic car, but you end up regretting your decision, or get an additional job and start a savings account for a house down payment, but risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional?  (R7C11, R8C12)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but risk having unexpected debt, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but you still have to prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house? (R9C1, R10C2)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but be in constant stress, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but you still end up working more and sacrificing social time? (R9C3, R10C4)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but risk having financial burden further down the line, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but risk straining your personal relationships? (R9C5, R10C6)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but spend additional money on upgrading your current car to your liking, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but still end up burning out quickly? (R9C7, R10C8)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but commute for longer hours to work, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but risk car breaking down? (R9C9, R10C10)
Would you like to commit to a house on the rural side and give a lower - house down payment, but you end up regretting your decision, or buy semi used car from family member at half the price than its actual value, but risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional? (R9C11, R10C12)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split on half, but risk having unexpected debt, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but prolong the time you will be able to invest in a house?  (R11C1, R12C2)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split in half, but be in constant stress, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but work more and sacrifice social time?  (R11C3, R12C4)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split on half, but risk having financial burden further down the line, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but risk straining your personal relationships? (R11C5, R12C6)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split in half, but spend additional money on upgrading your current car to your liking, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but burn out quickly? (R11C7, R12C8)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split in half, but commute for longer hours to work, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but risk your current car breaking down? (R11C9, R12C10)
Would you like to buy a house with your sibling and all your costs are split on half, but you end up regretting your decision later, or save current money for the down payment of a house and save for 5 more years, but risk having unexpected big expenditures to maintain your car functional? (R11C11, R12C12)