Would you like to try to save the patient's life, but risk being fired from your job? (R1C1)
Would you like to try to save the patient’s life, but you could be risking your life to save the criminal’s life? (R1C2)
Would you like to try to save the patient’s life, but you are risking being suspended from your job? (R1C3)
Would you like to try to save the patient’s life, but you could be risking your oath to do no harm? (R1C4)
Would you like to try to save the patient’s life, but you risk having negative attention? (R1C5)
Would you like to try to save the patient’s life, but you risk being arrested for helping the criminal? (R1C6)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk being fired from your job? (R2C1)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk your life to save the criminal's life? (R2C2)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk being suspended from your job? (R2C3)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk breaking your oath to do no harm? (R2C4)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk having negative attention for not saving the criminal? (R2C5)
Would you like to ask a fellow doctor to perform the surgery, but risk being arrested for not helping the patient?
Would you like to call in sick, but risk being fired from your job? (R3C1)
Would you like to call in sick, but risk your life to save the criminals' life? (R3C2)
Would you like to call in sick, but risk being suspended from your job? (R3C3)
Would you like to call in sick, but risk breaking your oath to do no harm? (R3C4)
Would you like to call in sick, but risk having negative attention for not saving the criminals' life? (R3C5)
Would you like to call in sick, but risk being arrested for not helping the patient? (R3C6)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but risk being fired from your job? (R4C1)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but risk your life for the criminal’s life? (R4C2)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but risk being suspended from your job? (R4C3)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but break your oath to do no harm? (R4C4)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but risk having negative attention for not saving the criminals' life? (R4C5)
Would you like to refuse to do the surgery, but risk being arrested for not helping the patient? (R4C6)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk being fired from your job? (R5C1)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk your life for the criminals' life? (R5C2)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk being suspended from your job? (R5C3)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk breaking your oath to do no harm? (R5C4)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk having negative attention for not saving the criminals' life? (R5C5)
Would you like to do the surgery but not to your best effort, but risk being arrested for not helping the patient? (R5C6)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk being fired from your job? (R6C1)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk your life for the criminals’ life? (R6C2)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk Being suspended from your job? (R6C3)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk breaking your oath to do no harm? (R6C4)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk having negative attention for not saving the criminal life? (R6C5)
Would you purposely do a poor job so the criminal dies, but risk being arrested for not helping the patient? (R6C6)