Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but also has a boring tour guide? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but also has loud children? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but also has your least favorite person? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that has your friend, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but also has a boring tour guide? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but also has loud children? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but also has your least favorite person? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that has the least number of people, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but it has a boring tour guide? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but also has loud children? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but also has your least favorite person? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that has the shortest tour time, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to join a group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide but is also the most boring tour guide? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide, but also has loud children? (R4, C2)  
Would you like to join a group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide, but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide, but also has your least favorite person? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to join a tour group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that has the most knowledgeable tour guide, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but also has a boring tour guide? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but also has loud children? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but also has your least favorite person? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that has a summary at the end of the tour, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, but also has a boring tour guide? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, but also has loud children? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, , but also does not get to all the exhibits? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, but also has your least favorite person? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, but the tour also skips your favorite animal? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to join a group that gets a free souvenir, but has no designated space to keep your belongings during the tour? (R6, C6)