Would you like to explore the city but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to explore the city but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to explore the city but the work environment is toxic? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to explore the city but you are isolated in the new city? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to explore the city but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to explore the city but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but the work environment is toxic? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but you are isolated in the new city? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to have access to a break room at work but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to use public transportation but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to use public transportation but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to use public transportation but the work environment is toxic? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to use public transportation but you are isolated in the new city? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to use public transportation but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to use public transportation but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but the work environment is toxic? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but you are isolated in the new city? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to be walking distance from the restaurant district but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but the work environment is toxic? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but you are isolated in the new city? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to live in an apartment but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but you struggle to adapt to the city and feel isolated? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but your role at the job is very different from what was described in the job posting/interview? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but the work environment is toxic? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but you are isolated in the new city? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but there is no work-life balance, leaving you burnt out? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to be able to have pets in your new living area but cost of living is higher than you planned, destroying your finances? (R6,C6) 