Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but you are stranded overnight? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to feel more in tune with nature but you get struck by lightning? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but you are stranded overnight? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to be spontaneous but you get struck by lightning? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but you are stranded overnight? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to get some fresh air but you get struck by lightning? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but you are stranded overnight? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to do not overthink the excursion but you get struck by lightning? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but you are stranded overnight? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to avoid time on your phone but you get struck by lightning? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but you get caught in a thunderstorm or flash flood? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but you slip on wet rocks and get seriously injured? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but you are stranded overnight? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but your phone has no signal, so you are unable to call for help? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but you go hungry because you thought you would be able to return within a few hours? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to feel healthier while hiking but you get struck by lightning? (R6,C6) 