Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Return on investment? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Cost of training? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to Save money by using older technology or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Return on investment? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Cost of training? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to Invest money into modern technology or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Return on investment? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Cost of training? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to Hybrid approach with gradual updates or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Return on investment? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Cost of training? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to Risk assessment and mission-critical systems or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Return on investment? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Cost of training? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Competitive analysis and strategic positioning or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Return on investment? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Industry trends and technological advancements? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Risk mitigation and future proofing? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Stategic alliances and partnerships? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Cost of training? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to Long-term cost benefits analysis or Cost of potential down time and disruptions? (R6,C6) 
