Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to The high-cost operation may divert resources from other important areas such as healthcare or education. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to The extensive planning and deployment of troops could result in collateral damage and civilian casualties. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to The specialized equipment required for the operation may have limited use outside of this specific mission. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to The large number of personnel involved increases the risk of leaks or security breaches. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to The high cost of the operation may strain diplomatic relations with the foreign country. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or The operation's high profile may attract attention and retaliation from other hostile groups or nations.? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or The significant financial investment in the operation may not guarantee the desired outcome or success.? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or The deployment of troops may lead to extended military engagements and prolonged conflicts.? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or 10. The high-cost operation may contribute to a perception of military aggression or interventionism.? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or 11. The reliance on expensive equipment and resources may limit the scalability and sustainability of the operation.? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to Intelligence gathering efforts could potentially violate privacy rights and civil liberties. or 12. The operation's cost could create public scrutiny and debate over the allocation of taxpayer funds.? (R6,C6) 
