Would you like to you get an interview for the job but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to you get an interview for the job but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to you get an interview for the job but you lose licenses/credentials? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to you get an interview for the job but searching your name returns red flags? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to you get an interview for the job but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to you get an interview for the job but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but you lose licenses/credentials? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but searching your name returns red flags? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to you get to relocate for the new job but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but you lose licenses/credentials? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but searching your name returns red flags? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to you network with professionals in the field but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but you lose licenses/credentials? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but searching your name returns red flags? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to you earn a slightly higher salary but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but you lose licenses/credentials? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but searching your name returns red flags? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to you gain experience in the industry but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but you’re exposed and fired for falsifying your resume? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but you’re publicly shamed and outed on social media (eg, linkedin? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but you lose licenses/credentials? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but searching your name returns red flags? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but your new job prosecutes you for being duplicitous and causing harm to the workplace/clients? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to the job offers improved benefits but your career in that industry is permanently over? (R6,C6) 