Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would be risking your life? (R1C1)
Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would be risking your family's’ life? (R1C2)
Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would be risking losing your job? (R1C3)
Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would receive negative media attention? (R1C4)
Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would be fined a large amount of money? (R1C5)
Would you give a guilty verdict, but you would be breaking your oath to serve the public? (R1C6)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be risking your life? (R2C1)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be risking your family's’ life? (R2C2)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be risking losing your job? (R2C3)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be receiving negative media attention? (R2C4)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be fined a large amount of money? (R2C5)
Would you try to avoid taking the case, but you would be breaking your oath to serve the public? (R2C6)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but risk your life? (R3C1)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but risk your family’s life? (R3C2)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but you would risk losing your job? (R3C3)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but you receive negative attention? (R3C4)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but you would be fined a large amount of money? (R3C5)
Would you like to give a guilty verdict but ask for your family’s protection, but break your oath to serve the public? (R3C6)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but risk their lives? (R4C1)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but risk their family’s lives? (R4C2)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but risk losing their job? (R4C3)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but they would receive negative attention? (R4C4)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but they would be fined a large amount of money? (R4C5)
Would you like to ask another judge to preside over the case, but break your oath to serve the public? (R4C6)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but risk your life? (R5C1)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but risk your family’s life? (R5C2)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but you would risk losing your job? (R5C3)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but receive negative media attention? (R5C4)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but be fined a large amount of money? (R5C5)
Would you give a not guilty verdict, but break your oath to serve the public? (R5C6)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but risk your life? (R6C1)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but risk your family’s life? (R6C2)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but risk losing your job? (R6C3)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but receive negative media attention? (R6C4)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but be fined a large amount of money? (R6C5)
Would you like to be paid a large amount of money by the businessman to give a not guilty verdict, but break your oath to serve the public? (R6C6)