Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to have one of your friends bring a volleyball but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to be surprised by your friend bringing your favorite homemade cookies but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to take pictures with one of your friends who is a great photographer, and they will share their pictures with you but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to see a live classical music event at the park but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to go to a free food truck festival happening in the park but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but you are tasked with bringing the main courses, so you must do more preparation than others? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but the grassy area where you would picnic is always packed with people and there is barely any room between groups? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but it is 100 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but the ground is muddy from a rainstorm a few days ago? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but it will take you two hours to drive to the location (and two hours to return home? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to stay until dark to see a forecasted meteor shower that night but there are no grills provided in the picnic area of the park? (R6,C6) 
