Would you like to decline engage the enemy and risk suffering heavy casualties, even though it could lead to victory? (R1C1)
Would you like to decline engage the enemy and risk losing the battle? (R1C2)
Would you like to decline engage the enemy and risk strategic setbacks? (R1C3)
Would you like to decline engage the enemy and risk suffering psychological impacts? (R1C4)
Would you like to decline engage the enemy and still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R1C5)
Would you like to decline engage the enemy and risk civilian vulnerability? (R1C6)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk while suffering heavy casualties, even though it could lead to victory? (R2C1)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk and risk losing the battle? (R2C2)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk and risk strategic setbacks? (R2C3)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk and risk suffering psychological impacts? (R2C4)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk and still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R2C5)
Would you like to neutralize immediate threat risk and risk civilian vulnerability? (R2C6)
Would you like to have international support but you still have to suffer heavy casualties? (R3C1)
Would you like to have international support but risk losing the battle? (R3C2)
Would you like to have international support but risk strategic setbacks? (R3C3)
Would you like to have international support but risk suffering psychological impacts? (R3C4)
Would you like to have international support but still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R3C5)
Would you like to have international support but risk civilian vulnerability? (R3C6)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but you still have to suffer heavy casualties? (R4C1)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but risk losing the battle? (R4C2)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but risk strategic setbacks? (R4C3)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but risk suffering psychological impacts? (R4C4)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R4C5)
Would you like to gain intelligence in the tactics but risk civilian vulnerability? (R4C6)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but you still have to suffer heavy casualties? (R5C1)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but risk losing the battle? (R5C2)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but risk strategic setbacks? (R5C3)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but risk suffering psychological impacts? (R5C4)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R5C5)
Would you like to prevent further advancement, but risk civilian vulnerability? (R5C6)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but you still have to suffer heavy casualties? (R6C1)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but risk losing the battle? (R6C2)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but risk strategic setbacks? (R6C3)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but risk suffering psychological impacts? (R6C4)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but still risk suffering heavy casualties by surprise attack from the enemy? (R6C5)
Would you like to have strategic gains, but risk civilian vulnerability? (R6C6)