Would you prefer not having to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you all have to stop and stay in a roadside motel for the night? (R1, C1) 
Would you prefer not having to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you would have to sit in the crammed backseat? (R1, C2) 
Would you prefer not to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you end up being tired the whole trip? (R1, C3)  
Would you prefer not having to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R1, C4) 
Would you prefer not having to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you will have no snacks? (R1, C5) 
Would you prefer not having to drive (just sitting back and relaxing), but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R1, C6) 
Would you prefer to have one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you all eventually stop and stay at a roadside motel for the night? (R2, C1) 
Would you prefer to have one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you must sit in the crammed backseat? (R2, C2) 
Would you prefer to have one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you end up being tired the whole trip? (R2, C3) 
Would you prefer to have one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R2, C4) 
Would you prefer to have one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you will have no snacks? (R2, C5) 
Would you prefer having one of your friends drive the whole trip, but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R2, C6) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you all eventually stop and stay at a roadside motel for the night? (R3, C1) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you have to sit in the crammed backseat? (R3, C2) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you are tired the whole trip? (R3, C3) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R3, C4) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you will have no snacks? (R3, C5) 
Would you take a luxurious rental car, but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R3, C6) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you all have to eventually stop and stay at a roadside motel for the night? (R4, C1) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you have to sit in the crammed backseat? (R4, C2) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you are tired the whole trip? (R4, C3) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R4, C4) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you will have no water? (R4, C5) 
Would you prefer to have plenty of snacks for the road trip, but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R4, C6) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you all eventually have to stop and stay at a roadside motel for the night? (R5, C1) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you have to sit in the crammed backseat? (R5, C2) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you are tired the whole trip? (R5, C3) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R5, C4) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you will have no snacks? (R5, C5) 
Would you prefer to have a mobile hotspot for your road trip, but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R5, C6) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip, but you all have to eventually stop and stay at a roadside motel for the night? (R6, C1) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip, but you have to sit in the crammed backseat? (R6, C2) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip, but you are tired the whole trip? (R6, C3) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip, but you will have no music/radio to listen to? (R6, C4) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip, but you will have no snacks? (R6, C5) 
Would you stop at the coolest local attractions during your trip but you have to go through a route having constant construction works? (R6, C6) 