Would you like to take the treatment, but risk experiencing side effects? (R1C1)
Would you like to take the treatment, but risk missing out on a cure that is further studied? (R1C2)
Would you like to take the treatment even if having side effects is guaranteed?  (R1C3)
Would you like to take the treatment even if you risk developing a financial burden? (R1C4)
Would you like to take the treatment even though you might have a long recovery period? (R1C5)
Would you like to take the treatment even though it might lead to emotional stress? (R1C6)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment even if experiencing side effects is a risk, not a guarantee?  (R2C1)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment and risk missing out on a cure, even though it could protect your health? (R2C2)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment and have side effects either way? (R2C3)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment, but risk having a financial burden from trying non-potent alternatives? (R2C4)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment, but have a long recovery period? (R2C5)
Would you like to decline to take the treatment, but have emotional stress? (R2C6)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life, but risk experiencing side effects? (R3C1)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life, but risk missing out on a cure that is further studied, even though it could further optimize your health? (R3C2)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life, but experience side effects? (R3C3)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life, even if you risk having financial burden? (R3C4)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life, even if you have a long recovery period? (R3C5)
Would you like to have an increased quality of life and have emotional stress? (R3C6)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits, even though you risk experiencing side effects in the long run? (R4C1)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits, even though you risk missing out on a cure that is further studied? (R4C2)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits, even though experiencing side effects is a guarantee? (R4C3)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits, even though you risk developing a financial burden? (R4C4)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits even if you have a long recovery period? (R4C5)
Would you like to have potential long-term benefits, even though you risk having emotional stress? (R4C6)
Would you like to have relief from the symptoms of your illness, even though you risk experiencing side effects? (R5C1)
Would you like to have relief from the symptoms of your illness, even though you risk missing out on a cure that is further studied? (R5C2)
Would you like to have relief from the symptoms of your illness, even though it is guaranteed you will have side effects from treatment?  (R5C3)
Would you like to have relief from symptoms, even though you risk developing a financial burden? (R5C4)
Would you like to have relief from symptoms, even though you will have a long recovery period? (R5C5)
Would you like to have relief from symptoms, even though you will experience emotional stress? (R5C6)
Would you like to have a sense of hope and risk experiencing side effects? (R6C1)
Would you like to have a sense of hope, even though you risk missing out on a cure that is further studied? (R6C2)
Would you like to have a sense of hope, even though it is guaranteed you will experience side effects? (R6C3)
Would you like to have a sense of hope, even though you risk having a financial burden? (R6C4)
Would you like to have a sense of hope, even though you will have a long-recovery period? (R6C5)
Would you like to have a sense of hope, even though you will have emotional stress? (R6C6)