Would you like to go to a museum but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to go to a museum but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to go to a museum but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to go to a museum but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to go to a museum but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to go to a museum but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to have a gift certificate for a free 45-minute massage at a spa but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to get the best lobster rolls in the city with your friends but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to go bowling but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to go bowling but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to go bowling but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to go bowling but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to go bowling but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to go bowling but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to run errands and buy groceries but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but a thunderstorm will begin in 10 minutes? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but the GPS says that traffic is heavy? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but there is a protest with 300 demonstrators just outside your planned destination? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but the water is temporarily off in your neighborhood due to repair work and so you have not been able to shower or wash your hair since yesterday? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but the air quality is low outside because of nearby wildfires? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to go shopping for clothes but you must be back home in three hours for a Zoom call? (R6,C6) 
