Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance you will be harmed by the criminal’s accomplices? (R1C1) 

Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance you will be putting your family’s life in danger? (R1C2) 

Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance you will have a warrant issued in your name? (R1C3) 

Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance you will be arrested as an accomplice? (R1C4) 

Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R1C5) 

Would you like to get a 5 million dollars reward but there’s a chance of Causing the criminal to die? (R1C6) 

Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of getting harmed by the criminal? (R2C1) 

Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of putting your family’s life in danger? (R2C2) 

Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of having a warrant issued for your arrest? (R2C3)
Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of getting arrested as an accomplice? (R2C4)
Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R2C5)
Would you like to keep your promise to someone but there’s a chance of causing the criminal to die? (R2C6)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance of getting harmed by the criminal? (R3C1)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance of putting your family’s life in danger? (R3C2)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance you will have a warrant issued for your arrest? (R3C3)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance you will be arrested as an accomplice? (R3C4)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R3C5)
Would you like to help the criminal escape but there’s a chance of causing the criminal to die? (R3C6)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million-dollar reward, but there's a chance of getting harmed by the criminal? (R4C1)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of putting your family’s life in danger? (R4C2)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million -dollar reward, but there’s a chance of having a warrant issued for your arrest. (R4C3)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of being arrested as an accomplice? (R4C4)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R4C5)
Would you like to call the police and not receive the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of causing the criminal to die? (R4C6)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of getting harmed by the criminal? (R5C1)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of Putting your family's life in danger? (R5C2)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of having a warrant issued for your arrest? (R5C3)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of being arrested as an accomplice? (R5C4)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R5C5)
Would you like to turn the criminal in and get the 5-million-dollar reward, but there’s a chance of causing the criminal to die? (R5C6)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of getting harmed by the criminal? (R6C1)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of putting your family’s life in danger? (R6C2)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of having a warrant issued for your arrest? (R6C3)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of being arrested as an accomplice? (R6C4)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of receiving negative media attention? (R6C5)
Would you like to continue driving and pretend nothing happened, but there's a chance of causing the criminal to die? (R6C6)