Would you like to present on day 1, but you have to present on the last day? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to present on day 1, but you will be the last presenter? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to present on day 1, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to present on day 1, but the event gets postponed due to bad weather? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to present on day 1, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to present on day 1, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but you get thrown into a mosh pit? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but you will be the last presenter? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but the event gets postponed due to bad weather? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to get VIP passes get VIP passes for the front row, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but you have to present on the last day? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but you will be the last presenter? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but the event gets postponed due to bad weather? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to sit with the VIP presenters, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but you have to present on the last day? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but you will be the last presenter? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but the event gets postponed due to bad weather? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to stay at a fancy hotel, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but you have to present on the last day? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but you will be the last presenter? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but the event gets postponed due to bad weather? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to get to stay in the same hotel where the VIP presenters are staying, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but you have to present on the last day? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but you will be the last presenter? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but you will be sitting with listeners only? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but the event is postponed due to bad weather? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but you have to stay in a hotel 3-4 hours from the venue? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to get a chance to collaborate with a prominent scientist, but you have to sit in a bad spot where you can't see the presenters well? (R6, C6) 