Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in safety and security considerations? (C1C7)
Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in operational impact assessment? (C1C8)
Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C1C9)
Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C1C10)
Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C1C11)
Would you like to invest money in new facilities or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C1C12)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in safety and security considerations? (C2C7)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in operational impact assessment? (C2C8)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C2C9)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C2C10)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C2C11)
Would you like to invest money in current facilities or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C2C12)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in safety and security considerations? (C3C7)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in operational impact assessment? (C3C8)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C3C9)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C3C10)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C3C11)
Would you like to invest money in upgrades or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C3C12)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in safety and security considerations? (C4C7)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in operational impact assessment? (C4C8)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C4C9)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C4C10)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C4C11)
Would you like to invest money in asset allocation or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C4C12)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in safety and security considerations? (C5C7)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in operational impact assessment? (C5C8)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C5C9)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C5C10)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C5C11)
Would you like to invest money in future expansion and flexibility or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C5C12)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in safety and security considerations? (C6C7)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in operational impact assessment? (C6C8)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in maintenance and repairs? (C6C9)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in partnership or joint facility opportunities? (C6C10)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in long-term mission requirements? (C6C11)
Would you like to invest money in environmental impact and sustainability or invest in economic analysis of potential savings? (C6C12)