Do you sleep in till noon, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R1, C1) 
Do you sleep in till noon, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars? (R1, C2) 
Do you sleep in till noon, but your boss fires you? (R1, C3) 
Do you sleep in till noon, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R1, C4) 
Do you sleep in till noon, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R1, C5) 
Do you sleep in till noon, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R1, C6) 
Do you get a relaxing massage, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R2, C1) 
Do you get a relaxing massage, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars? (R2, C2) 
Do you get a relaxing massage, but your boss fires you? (R2, C3) 
Do you get a relaxing massage, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R2, C4) 
Do you get a relaxing massage, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R2, C5) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R2, C6) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R3, C1) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars? (R3, C2) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but your boss fires you? (R3, C3) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R3, C4) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R3, C5) 
Do you grab a drink with your unemployed friend, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R3, C6) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R4, C1) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars?  (R4, C2) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but your boss fires you? (R4, C3) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R4, C4) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R4, C5) 
Do you binge the rest of the series you were watching, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R4, C6) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R5, C1) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars? (R5, C2) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but your boss fires you? (R5, C3) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R5, C4) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R5, C5) 
Do you finally get around to the project you had been working on, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R5, C6) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but you get behind on your work and have to catch up later? (R6, C1) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but you miss an appointment and lose one of your regulars? (R6, C2) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but your boss fires you? (R6, C3) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but you miss a celebrity client at your work? (R6, C4) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but you ate something bad and are sick the remainder of the day? (R6, C5) 
Do you laze around the house doing absolutely nothing, but you end the day feeling like you've wasted it because you could have been more productive? (R6, C6)