Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to go snowboarding with your parents but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to build a snowman at a local park but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to go ice skating at the outdoor rink near the mall but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to go to the outdoor winter village in your town but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to go sledding at your local hill but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but it is 0 degrees Fahrenheit outside? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but the snow is 3 inches thick, making walking a little tricky? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but the roads are slippery, making travel difficult? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but you don’t have boots or warm shoes? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but you just lost your winter jacket and have no other jacket to wear? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to participate in the annual snowball fight in your town but you are currently recovering from a cold? (R6,C6) 
