Would you like to start the business and risk experiencing failure, even though it could lead to success? (R1C1)
Would you like to delay starting the business and risk missing out on success? (R1C2)
Would you like to start the business, but you may have an uncertain income? (R1C3)
Would you like to start the business, but you will face emotional stress? (R1C4)
Would you like to start the business, but it will impact your personal life? (R1C5)
Would you like to start the business, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R1C6)
Would you like to decline the business even though it could lead to success? (R2C1)
Would you like to decline the business and risk missing out on success? (R2C2)
Would you like to decline the business, but you may have an uncertain income? (R2C3)
Would you like to decline the business, but you will face emotional stress? (R2C4)
Would you like to decline the business, but it will impact your personal life? (R2C5)
Would you like to decline the business, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R2C6)
Would you like to decline professional growth even though it could lead to success? (R3C1)
Would you like to decline professional growth and risk missing out on success? (R3C2)
Would you like to decline professional growth, but you may have an uncertain income? (R3C3)
Would you like to decline professional growth, but you will face emotional stress? (R3C4)
Would you like to decline professional growth, but it will impact your personal life? (R3C5)
Would you like to decline professional growth, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R3C6)
Would you like to decline financial independence even though it could lead to success? (R4C1)
Would you like to decline financial independence and risk missing out on success? (R4C2)
Would you like to decline financial independence and have an uncertain income? (R4C3)
Would you like to have financial independence, but you will face emotional stress? (R4C4)
Would you like to have financial independence, but it will impact your personal life? (R4C5)
Would you like to have financial independence, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R4C6)
Would you like your business to have a negative impact on personal life even though it could lead to success? (R5C1)
Would you like your business to have a positive impact on your personal life but risk missing out on success? (R5C2)
Would you like to prioritize your personal life and have an uncertain income? (R5C3)
Would you like your business to have an impact on personal life, but you will face emotional stress? (R5C4)
Would you like your business to flourish, but it will impact your personal life? (R5C5)
Would you like your business to have an impact on personal life, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R5C6)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy in your personal business even though it could lead to unsuccess? (R6C1)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy but risk missing out on success? (R6C2)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy and have an uncertain income? (R6C3)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy, but you will face emotional stress? (R6C4)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy, but it will impact your personal life? (R6C5)
Would you like flexibility and autonomy, but you have to put in a lot of time commitment and that may create issues with family time? (R6C6)