Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and put himself and his unit at risk or leave the enemy combatants to die and continue with the mission? (R1C1, R2C2)
Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and have the enemy combatants die in its custody, or leave the enemy combatants to die and face scrutiny and potential backlash from superiors? (R1C3, R2C4)
Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and attract negative attention from local populations, or leave the enemy combatants to die and jeopardize the success of the mission? (R1C5, R2C6)
Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and create division within the unit, or leave the enemy combatants to die when it encounters challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment? (R1C7, R2C8)
Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and encounter challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment, or leave the enemy combatants to die and face legal repercussions? (R1C9, R2C10)
Should the soldier provide medical assistance to the enemy combatants and have negative media attention drawn to its unit, or leave the enemy combatants to die and have its integrity and honor questioned? (R1C11, R2C12)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation, but put the unit and itself at risk, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care, but have the enemy combatants die either way? (R3C1, R4C2)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation and have the enemy combatants die in its custody, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care and face scrutiny and potential backlash from superiors? (R3C3, R4C4)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation and attract negative attention from local populations, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care and jeopardize the success of the mission? (R3C5, R4C6)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation, but create division within the unit, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care and encounter challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment? (R3C7, R4C8)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation, but draw attention from other enemy forces, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care and face legal repercussions?  (R3C9, R4C10)
Should the soldier take the enemy combatants into custody and bring them back for interrogation, but have negative media attention drawn to its unit, or establish a temporary ceasefire to facilitate medical care and have your integrity and honor questioned?   (R3C11, R4C12)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, but put itself and their unit at risk, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, but risk the enemy combatants dieing? (R5C1, R6C2)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, but have the enemy combatants die in its custody, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, but face scrutiny and potential backlash from superiors? (R5C3, R6C4)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, but attract negative attention from local populations, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, but jeopardize the success of the mission? (R5C5, R6C6)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, but create division within the unit, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, knowing they will encounter challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment?  (R5C7, R6C8)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, but draw attention from other enemy forces, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, but face legal repercussions? (R5C9, R6C10)
Should the soldier provide first aid and then disengage from the area, resulting in negative media attention drawn to its unit, or seek assistance from a neutral third party for medical aid, but have its integrity and honor questioned? (R5C11, R6C12)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical facility, but put itself and the unit at risk, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but later let the enemy combatants die?   (R7C1, R8C2)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical, but have the enemy combatants die in its custody, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but face scrutiny and potential backlash from superiors? (R7C3, R8C4)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical facility, but attract negative attention from local populations, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but jeopardize the success of the mission? (R7C5, R8C6)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical facility, but create division within the unit, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but still encounter challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment? (R7C7, R8C8)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical facility, but draw attention from other enemy forces, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but face legal repercussions? (R7C9, R8C10)
Should the soldier escort the injured combatants to a nearby medical facility, but have negative media attention drawn to your unit, or establish a communication line with the enemy, but have its integrity and honor questioned? (R7C11, R8C12)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but put the soldier and their unit at risk, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but risk the enemy combatants dying?  (R9C1, R10C2)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but the enemy combatants die in its custody, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but face scrutiny and potential backlash from superiors? (R9C3, R10C4)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but attract negative attention from local populations, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but jeopardize the success of the mission? (R9C5, R10C6)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but create division within the unit, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but encounter challenges in transporting enemy combatants for treatment? (R9C7, R10C8)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but draw attention from other enemy forces, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but face legal repercussions? (R9C9, R10C10)
Should the soldier come to an agreement with the enemy to aid injured combatants, but negative media attention is drawn to its unit, or convince local people to transport combatants to medical facility, but have its integrity and honor questioned? (R9C11, R10C12)
Should the soldier anonymously report the injured combatants' location to local media, but put itself and the unit at risk, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, but in the process let the enemy combatants die?  (R11C1, R12C2)
Should the soldier anonymously report injured combatants' location to local media, but the enemy combatants end up dying, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, but face scrutiny and potential backlash from superior? (R11C3, R12C4)
Should the soldier anonymously report injured combatants' location to local media, but attract negative attention from local populations, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, but jeopardize the success of the mission? (R11C5, R12C6)
Should the soldier anonymously report injured combatants' location to local media, but create division within the unit, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, despite the possibility of encountering challenges in transporting the enemy combatants for treatment, if they notify the soldier to help them? (R11C7, R12C8)
Should the soldier anonymously report injured combatants' location to local media, but draw attention from other enemy forces, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, but face legal repercussions? (R11C9, R12C10)
Should the soldier anonymously report injured combatants' location to local media, but negative media attention is drawn to the unit, or report to its superiors the circumstance and wait for their call of action, but have its integrity and honor questioned? (R11C11, R12C12)