Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to have shorter workdays at the new job but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to your new job to look better on your resumé but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to have an office that provides free lunch everyday but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to work at a company with goals that align with yours but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to get guaranteed a manager position within 6 months of starting but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but your new job requires a commute that is 30 minutes longer than that of your previous job? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but your new boss is notoriously for not giving raises? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but your supervisor of the prior 3 years will be upset if you leave and never give you a good recommendation in the future? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but your new job does not provide you with health insurance? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but your new job pays less than the one you will quit? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to work on a new project that will directly benefit thousands of people but you will have to move away from the place you have lived in for the past 5 years? (R6,C6) 
