Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate hours or risk sacrificing family time and risk getting lower pay? (R1 C1, R2 C2)
Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate the hours and risk not being able to pay your bills or ask for more days off and get a raise and work more hours but risk your family leaving you? (R1 C3, R2 C4)
Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate for hours and risk not having enough time to spend with your family or ask for an extension of deadlines and prioritize relationships and risk losing this job? (R1 C5, R2 C6)
Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate hours not having an incentive for completing projects and work remotely to spend time with family/friends or having to use vacation days to finish the task and apply for another job? (R1 C7, R2 C8)
Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate the hours and get a higher position at the job or losing benefits from the company and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and risk losing the opportunity to get a higher position at the job? (R1 C9, R2, C10)
Would you like to stay at your job and negotiate the hours and have incentives for completing projects or risk to ask more days off and ahead of schedule and sleepless night/nightmares relating to work? (R1 C11, R2 C12)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off and stay at your job or sacrifice the family and negotiate the hours and get lower pay? (R3 C1 R4 C2)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off and risk your family leaving you or ask for more days off and not being able to pay your bill? (R3C3, R4C4)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off and ask for an extension of deadlines or risk not having enough time to spend with your family and prioritize relationships and risk to lose this job? (R3C5, R4 C6)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off work remotely to spend time with family /friends and not have an incentive for completing projects and apply to another job or having to use vacation days to finish the task? (R3 C7, R4 C8)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off and get a higher position at the job or losing benefits from the company and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries or risk losing the opportunities to get a higher position at the job? (R3 C9, R4 C10)
Would you like to get a raise and work more hours and ask for more days off and incentives for completing projects or risk to ask more days off and ahead of schedule and sleepless nights/nightmares relating to work? (R3 C11 R4 C12)
Would you like to ask for an extension of deadlines and prioritize relationships and stay at your job or sacrifice the family and negotiate the hours and get lower pay? (R5 C1 R6C2)
Would you like to ask for an extension of deadlines and prioritize relationships and get a raise and work more hours or risk your family leaving you and ask for more days off and not being able to pay your bill? (R5C3, R6C4)
Would you like to ask for an extension of deadlines and prioritize relationships and risk not having enough time to spend with your family and risk to lose this job? (R5C5, R6C6)
Would you like to ask for an extension on deadlines and prioritize relationships and work remotely to spend time with family/friends and not have an incentive for completing projects and apply to another job and have to use vacation days to finish tasks?  (R5 C7, R6 C8)
Would you like to ask for an extension on deadlines and prioritize the relationship and get a higher position at the job or risk losing benefits from the company and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and risk to lose the opportunities to get a higher position at the job? (R5 C9 R6 C10)
Would you like to ask for an extension of deadlines and prioritize the relationship and incentives for completing projects and risk asking for more days off and ahead of schedule and sleepless nights/nightmares relating to work?  (R5 C11 R6 12)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family/friends and apply to another job and sacrifice the family and stay at your job and get lower pay or negotiate the hours? (R7, C1 R8 C2)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family/friends and apply to another job and get a raise and work more hours and risk your family leaving you and asking for more days and not being able to pay your bills? (R7 C3, R8 C4)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family /friends and apply to another job and ask for an extension on deadlines and risk not having enough time to spend with your family and prioritize relationship and risk to lose this job? (R7 C5 R8 C6)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family/ friends and apply to another job and risk losing this job and not having an incentive for completing projects? R7 C7, R8 C8)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family/friends and apply to another job and get a higher position at the job and losing benefits from the company and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and risk losing the opportunity to get a higher position at the job? (R7, C9, R8 C10)
Would you like to work remotely to spend time with family/friends and apply for another job and incentives for completing projects and risk asking for more days off and ahead of schedule and sleepless nights/nightmares relating to work? (R7, C10, R8 C11)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and stay at your job and sacrifice the family and negotiate the hours and get lower pay? (R9 C1 R10 C2)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and get a raise and work more hours and risk your family leaving you and asking for more days off and not being able to pay your bills? (R9 C3, R10 C4)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and ask for an extension on deadlines and risk not having enough time to spend with your family and prioritize relationships and risk losing this job? (R9 C5, R10 C6)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and work remotely to spend time family/friends and not having an incentive for completing projects and apply to another job and having to use vacation days to finish task? (R9 C7 R10 C8)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and lose benefits from the company and risk losing the opportunities to get a higher position at the job? (R9 C9, R10 C10)
Would you like to get a higher position at the job and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and incentives for completing projects and risk asking for more days off and ahead of schedule and sleepless nights/ nightmares relating to work?  (R9 C11, R10 C12)
Would you like incentives for completing projects or ahead of schedule and stay at your job and sacrificing the family and negotiating the hours and getting lower pay? (R11 C1, R12 C2)
Would you like incentives for completing the project or ahead of schedule and getting a raise and working more hours and risk your family leaving you and asking for more days off and not being able to pay your bills? (R11, C3, R12 C4)
Would you like an incentive for completing a project or ahead of schedule and ask for an extension on deadlines and risk not having enough time to spend with your family and prioritize relationships and risk losing this job? (R11, C5 R12 C6)
Would you like an incentive for completing a project or ahead of schedule and work remotely to spend time with family/friends and not having an incentive for completing the project and apply to another job and having to use vacation days to finish tasks? (R11, C7, R12 C8)
Would you like an incentive for completing a project or ahead of schedule and get a higher position at the job and losing benefits from the company and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle to afford luxuries and risk to lose the opportunities to get a higher position at the job?  (R11, C9 R12 C10
Would you like an incentive for completing a project or ahead of schedule and risk to ask more days off and sleepless nights/ nightmares relating to work? (R11, C11, R12 C12)