Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) but you must wait in line to get tickets? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) but your favorite ride is down? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) but break the tour in 2 days? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) with a bad camera? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to go to the park before peak hours (the busiest time of the day) but you must have a tight budget? (R1, C6) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather, but you must wait in line to get tickets? (R2, C1) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather early in the morning, but but your favorite ride is down? (R2, C2) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather early in the morning, but break the tour in 2 days? (R2, C3) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather early in the morning wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R2, C4) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather, with a bad camera? (R2, C5) 
Would you like to go to the park in nice weather, but you have a tight budget? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line, but you must wait in line to get in? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line but your favorite ride is down? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line, but break the tour in 2 days? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line, wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line, with a bad camera? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to go to the park with a pass you buy online that reduces your waiting time in line, but you have a tight budget? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to go to the park with the whole friends' group, but you must wait in line to get tickets? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to go to the park with your whole friends' group but your favorite ride is down? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to go to the park with your whole friends' group, but break the tour in 2 days? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to go to the park with your whole friends' group, wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to go to the park with your whole friends' group, with a bad camera? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to go to the park with your whole friends' group, but you have a tight budget? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, but you must wait in line to get tickets? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, but your favorite ride is down? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, but break the tour in 2 days? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, with a bad camera? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to get a souvenir from the park, but you have a tight budget? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, but you must wait in line to get tickets? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, but your favorite ride is down? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, but break the tour in 2 days? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, wearing uncomfortable clothes? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, with a bad camera? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to have lunch/snacks inside the park, but you have a tight budget? (R6, C6) 