Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but the water is known to be very dirty? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to go to a beach with soft sand but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but the water is known to be very dirty? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to have very few other people at the beach but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but the water is known to be very dirty? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to meet up with your friends at your favorite beachside restaurant after spending a few hours on the beach but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but the water is known to be very dirty? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to find rare seashells and rocks while at the beach but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but the water is known to be very dirty? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to attend a free surfing lesson but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but the beach day is during one of the few weeks you have off from work, so you lose a “me day”? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but there are no places within a 3-mile radius to buy food or drinks? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but the water is known to be very dirty? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but wind speeds are gusting up to 20 mph? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but you have no chairs or towels to sit on? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to watch a beautiful dance performance on the boardwalk but the seagulls in the neighborhood frequently pester people in flocks? (R6,C6) 
