Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R1, C1)
Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family but strain your relationships with the loved ones because of monetary issues? (R1, C2)
Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family, but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R1, C3)
Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R1, C4)
Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R1, C5)
Should you refuse to report for duty and prioritize the family, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R1, C6)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R2, C1)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind but strain your relationships with loved ones because of monetary issues? (R2, C2)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind, but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R2, C3)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R2, C4)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R2, C5)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R2, C6)
Should you report for duty and leave the family behind but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R3, C1)
Should you try to negotiate with the commanding officer to delay the deployment but strain your relationships with loved ones because of monetary issues? (R3, C2)
Should you try to negotiate with the commanding officer to delay the deployment, but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R3, C3)
Should you try to negotiate with the commanding officer to delay the deployment, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R3, C4)
Should you try to negotiate with the commanding officer to delay the deployment, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R3, C5)
Should you try to negotiate with the commanding officer to delay the deployment, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R3, C6)
Should you work as a reserve but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R4, C1)
Should you work as a reserve but strain your relationships with loved ones because of monetary issues? (R4, C2)
Should you work as a reserve but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R4, C3)
Should you work as a reserve, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R4, C4)
Should you work as a reserve, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R4, C5)
Should you work as a reserve, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R4, C6)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R5, C1)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job but strain your relationships with loved ones because of monetary issues? (R5, C2)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R5, C3)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R5, C4)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R5, C5)
Should you work as a reserve and try to get involved in civilian job, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R5, C6)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment but possibly have a disciplinary action taken against you? (R6, C1)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment but strain your relationships with loved ones because of monetary issues? (R6, C2)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment, but you get in a fight with your leadership, and your promotion gets halted? (R6, C3)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment, but have to deal with monetary issues and severe depression? (R6, C4)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment, but have to deal with spouse/family member suddenly become terminally ill? (R6, C5)
Should you convince a fellow soldier to take your place in deployment, but have to deal with a close fellow soldier’s/friend's suicide? (R6, C6)