Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to live in a sublet apartment with a beautiful view from your bedroom but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to live in your own studio apartment but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to choose to share a house with four friends but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to have a new apartment that allows you to have a pet without any extra charges or deposit but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to have access to reliable public transportation near the apartment but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but you must work two jobs to pay the rent? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but you see cockroaches when you tour the rental? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but you will have to borrow money from someone to afford the deposit and the first month’s rent? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but you will have to pay to do your laundry in a shared facility? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but there is no gym in or near the rental? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have the landlord paint the new apartment to your liking before you move in but your landlord was dismissive and rude during your tour of the rental? (R6,C6) 
