Would you like to launch the product and risk losing your investment, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R1, C1)
Would you like to launch the product and risk missing out on high revenue? (R1, C2)
Would you like to launch the product but look for diversified resources? (R1, C3)
Would you like to launch the product, but it has to be in a competitive setback? (R1, C4)
Would you like to launch the product even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R1, C5)
Would you like to launch the product with financial implications? (R1, C6)
Would you like to decline launching the product, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R2, C1)
Would you like to decline launching the product and risk missing out on high revenue? (R2, C2)
Would you like to decline launching the product and look for diversified resources? (R2, C3)
Would you like to decline launching the product, and be in a competitive setback? (R2, C4)
Would you like to decline launching the product even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R2, C5)
Would you like to decline launching the product with financial implications? (R2, C6)
Would you like to launch the product and risk losing your investment, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R3, C1)
Would you like to gain a competitive advantage and risk missing out on high revenue? (R3, C2)
Would you like to gain a competitive advantage but look for diversified resources? (R3, C3)
Would you like to gain a competitive advantage, but it has to be in a competitive setback? (R3, C4)
Would you like to gain a competitive advantage even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R3, C5)
Would you like to gain a competitive advantage with financial implications? (R3, C6)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R4, C1)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, and risk missing out on high revenue? (R4, C2)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, but look for diversified resources? (R4, C3)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, but it has to be in a competitive setback? (R4, C4)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R4, C5)
Would you like to go for market differentiation, with financial implications? (R4, C6)
Would you like to expand your customer base, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R5, C1)
Would you like to expand your customer base and risk missing out on high revenue? (R5, C2)
Would you like to expand your customer base but look for diversified resources? (R5, C3)
Would you like to expand your customer base, but it has to be in a competitive setback? (R5, C4)
Would you like to expand your customer base even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R5, C5)
Would you like to expand your customer base with financial implications? (R5, C6)
Would you like to focus on future product development, even though it could lead to high revenue? (R6, C1)
Would you like to focus on future product development and risk missing out on high revenue? (R6, C2)
Would you like to focus on future product development but look for diversified resources? (R6, C3)
Would you like to focus on future product development, but it has to be in a competitive setback? (R6, C4)
Would you like to focus on future product development even if there is a chance of customer dissatisfaction? (R6, C5)
Would you like to focus on future product development with financial implications? (R6, C6)