Would you like to buy a painting but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to buy a painting but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to buy a painting but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to buy a painting but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to buy a painting but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to buy a painting but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to buy a couch for the living room but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to buy an extremely tall and bulky lamp for your bedroom but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to get a rare item that is considered a vintage collectible but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to see your partner really happy with the item but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but the item costs 50 percent more than the maximum you were hoping to spend? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but you must hire movers to get the item into your apartment? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but the item was found in a thrift store and looks like it has been used for a few years? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but you must drive 45 minutes to pick up the item? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but the item clashes with the theme of your apartment? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to have an item of really great quality and it will last for many years but you must wait two months for the item to come back in stock? (R6,C6) 
