Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but the crowd is too noisy, and you cannot hear? (R1, C1) 
Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but someone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R1, C2) 
Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but the music shop is too packed? (R1, C3) 
Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R1, C4) 
Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R1, C5) 
Would you bring your friend who also shares the same favorite artist as you, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R1, C6) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but the crowd is too noisy, and you cannot hear? (R2, C1) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but someone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R2, C2) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but the music shop is too packed? (R2, C3) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R2, C4) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R2, C5) 
Would you like the artist to perform their new album at the music shop, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R2, C6) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but the crowd is too noisy and you cannot hear? (R3, C1) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but someone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R3, C2) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but the music shop is too packed? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to be the first one to purchase the album, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R3, C6) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but the crowd is too noisy, and you cannot hear? (R4, C1) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but someone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R4, C2) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but the music shop is too packed? (R4, C3) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R4, C4) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R4, C5) 
Would you like the artist to sign you a copy of their new album, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to buy the ultra rare version of the album before anyone else, but the crowd is too noisy, and you cannot hear? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to buy the ultra-rare version of the album before anyone else, but someone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to buy the ultra-rare version of the album before anyone else, but the music shop is too packed? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to buy the ultra-rare version of the album before anyone else, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to buy the ultra-rare version the album before anyone else, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to buy the ultra-rare version the album before anyone else, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R5, C6) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but the crowd is too noisy and you cannot hear? (R6, C1) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but somone leaks the audio beforehand, spoiling the album for you? (R6, C2) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but the music shop is too packed? (R6, C3) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but the new album isn’t as great as it was anticipated? (R6, C4) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but the date gets moved sooner than originally planned? (R6, C5) 
Would you buy all the available merchandise for the album, but the price of the tickets for the event increased 20 dollars from the last time you checked? (R6, C6) 