Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone’s knowledge but there’s a chance of risking your life? (R1C1)
Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone's knowledge, but there's a chance of risking your family's life? (R1C2)
Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone's knowledge, but there's a chance of getting fired from your job? (R1C3)
Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone's knowledge, but there's a chance of getting sued by the politician? (R1C4)
Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone's knowledge, but there's a chance of Having to move out of the country? (R1C5)
Would you like to bring out the corruption to everyone's knowledge, but there's a chance of receiving death threats online? (R1C6)
Would you like to become a national hero, but there's a chance of risking your life? (R2C1) 
Would you like to become a national hero, but there's a chance of risking your family's life? (R2C2)
Would you like to become a national hero, but there's a chance of getting fired from your job? (R2C3)
Would you like to become a national hero, but there’s a chance of getting sued by the politician? (R2C4)
Would you like to become a national hero, but there’s a chance of having to move out of the country? (R2C5)
Would you like to become a national hero, but there’s a chance of receiving death threats online? (R2C6)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of risking your life? (R3C1)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of risking your family’s life? (R3C2)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of getting fired from your job? (R3C3)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of getting sued by the politician? (R3C4)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of having to move out of the country? (R3C5)
Would you like to keep the story hidden, but there’s a chance of receiving death threats online? (R3C6)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of risking your life? (R4C1)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of risking your family’s life? (R4C2)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of getting fired from your job? (R4C3)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of getting sued by the politician? (R4C4)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of having to move out of the country? (R4C5)
Would you like to receive money to stay quiet, but there’s a chance of receiving death threats online? (R4C6)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of risking your life? (R5C1)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of risking your family’s life? (R5C2)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of getting fired from your job? (R5C3)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of getting sued by the politician? (R5C4)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of having to move out of the country? (R5C5)
Would you like to receive media coverage, but there’s a chance of receiving death threats online? (R5C6)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of risking your life? (R6C1)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of risking your family’s life? (R6C2)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of getting fired from your job? (R6C3)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of Getting sued by the politician? (R6C4)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of having to move out of the country? (R6C5)
Would you like to receive a large bonus at work, but there’s a chance of receiving death threats online? (R6C6)