Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution or attend a state school and stay closer to home but far away from your family and friends and the cost of tuition and living expenses may be higher? (R1C1, R2C2)
Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution or attend a state school and stay closer to home but not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to new environment both socially and culturally? (R1C3, R2C4)
Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution or attend a state school and stay closer to home but risk dealing with large class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and face potential challenges in adapting to different climate and weather in Ivy Leagues school? (R1C5, R2C6)
Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution or attend a state school and stay closer to home or deal with the intense competition could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and ability to move around freely with the transportation? (R1C7, R2C8)
Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution and attend a state school and stay closer to home or deal with homesickness, missing friends and family and dealing with limited scholarship offers? (R1C9, R2C10)
Would you like to attend an Ivy League school and pursue a degree from a prestigious institution and attend a state school and stay closer to home or have high student debt in attending an Ivy League school and school, work, and life balance will be disproportionate? (R1C11, R2C11)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research but is far away from your family and friends and the cost of tuition and living expenses may be higher? (R3C1, R4C2)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research but not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to a new environment both socially and culturally? (R3C3, R4C4)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research but risk dealing with larger class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and face potential challenges in adapting to a different climate, and weather in Ivy Leagues school? (R3C5, R4C6)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research but intense competition this could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and or not having the ability to move around freely transportation? (R3C7, R4C8)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research or dealing with homesickness missing friends and family, and dealing with limited scholarship offers? (R3C9, R4C10)
Would you like to save money on tuition and living expenses and attend an Ivy League school that offers access to top-notch professors, and cutting-edge research but having a high student debt as attending an Ivy League school and school, work-life balance will be disproportionate? (R3C11, R4C12)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program Ivy is more recognized but far away from your family and friends, and tuition and living expenses may be higher. (R5C1, R6C2)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program, and Ivy is more recognized but does not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to the new environment both socially and culturally?  (R5C3, R6C4)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program, and Ivy is more recognized but risk of dealing with the large class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and facing potential challenges in adapting to a different climate and weather in Ivy Leagues school? (R5C5, R6C6)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program, and Ivy is more recognized but intense competition could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and ability to move around freely with the transportation? (R5C7, R6C8)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program, and Ivy is more recognized, or deal with homesickness, missing friends and family, and have limited scholarship offers? (R5C9, R6C10)
Would you like to open the door for post-graduation opportunities including a job, and graduate program, and Ivy is more recognized but having a high student debt as attending an Ivy school and school, work-life balance will be disproportionate. (R5C11, R6C11)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence but far away from your family and friends and the cost of tuition and living expenses may be higher? (R7C1, R8C2)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence but not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to a new environment both socially and culturally? ( R7C3, R8C4)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence but the risk of dealing with large class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and facing potential challenges in adapting to a different climate in Ivy League school? (R7C5, R8C6)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence but intense competition this could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and your ability to move around freely with transportation? (R7C7, R8C8)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence or deal with homesickness missing friends and family and dealing with limited scholarship offers? (R7C9, R8C10)
Would you like to prestigious title from an Elite university and the opportunity to network with corporations and people with influence but having a high student debt and school-work-life balance will be disproportions? (R7C11, R8C12)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but far away from your family and friends and the cost of tuition and living expenses may be higher? (R9C1, R10C2)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to a new environment both socially and culturally? (R9C3, R10C4)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but risk dealing with large class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and face potential challenges in adapting to a different climate and weather in Ivy Leagues school? (R9C5, R10C6)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities while intense competition could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and ability to move around freely with transportation? (R9C7, R10C8)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities or homesickness missing friends and family and limited scholarship offers? (R9C9, R10C10)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but having a high student debt and school, work-life balance will be disproportionate? (R9C11, R10C12)
Would you like to meet new peers and lifelong acquaintances and alumni support offering mentorship, advice, and even job opportunities but far away from your family and friends and the cost of tuition and living expenses may be higher? (R11C1, R12C2)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but not have access to the same level of resources and networking opportunities as you would at the Ivy League school and the challenges of adapting to new environment both socially and culturally? (R11C3, R12C4)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but risk dealing with large class sizes, especially in introductory courses, and face potential challenges in adapting to a different climate and weather n Ivy Leagues school? (R11C5, R12C6)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities while intense competition could lead to stress, anxiety, and a constant need to prove oneself academically and ability to move around freely with transportation? (R11C7, R12C8)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities, but you have to deal with homesickness missing friends and family, and limited scholarship offers? (R11C9, R12C10)
Would you like to travel from your home state to experience college in a different atmosphere and state and reach beyond comfort levels and attempt different opportunities but have a high student debt and school, work-life balance will be disproportionate? (R11C11, R12C12)