Would you like to buy a pretzel but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to buy a pretzel but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to buy a pretzel but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to buy a pretzel but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to buy a pretzel but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to buy a pretzel but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to buy a hot dog but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to buy nachos but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to buy nachos but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to buy nachos but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to buy nachos but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to buy nachos but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to buy nachos but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to buy fries but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to buy fries but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to buy fries but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to buy fries but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to buy fries but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to buy fries but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to buy ice cream but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but there are seven people ahead of you in line? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but you see that the person handing customers their food has no gloves on? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but tips for the person working at the concession stand are mandatory? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but portion sizes are tiny—much smaller than what you’d get at a restaurant? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but they ran out of the treat of your choice, so they had to give you a healthy substitute? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to buy a snow cone but you see the employee who is giving customers their food pick their nose? (R6,C6) 
