Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but the Dj is playing bad music? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but party crashers crash your event? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to have great decorations for your friend's party, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R1, C6) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R2, C1) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R2, C2) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but they end up playing bad music? (R2, C3) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R2, C4) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but party crashers crash your event? (R2, C5) 
Would you pay for a DJ to perform at your friend's party, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R2, C6) 
Would you like there to be a delicious cake at your event, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R3, C1) 
Would you like there to be a delicious cake at your event, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R3, C2) 
Would you like there to be a delicious cake at your event, but the Dj is playing bad music? (R3, C3) 
Would you like there to be a delicious cake at your event, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R3, C4) 
Would you like there to be a delicious cake at your event, but party crashers crash the party? (R3, C5) 
Would you like for there to be a delicious cake at your event, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but the Dj is playing bad music? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but party crashers crash the party? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to have unlimited drinks available at your event, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but the Dj is playing bad music? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but party crashers crash the party? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to have your friend's favorite celebrity show up, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R5, C6) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but also have a boring crowd attending? (R6, C1) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but someone ends up ruining the surprise for your best friend? (R6, C2) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but the Dj is playing bad music? (R6, C3) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but you forget to order your friend's favorite food? (R6, C4) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but party crashers crash your party? (R6, C5) 
Would you like a nice spacious party hall to have your event at, but the venue messes up your reservation? (R6, C6) 