Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but there will be no snacks? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to not drive, so you can sit back and relax but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but there will be no snacks? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to drive past one of the tallest mountains in the country but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but there will be no snacks? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to ride in a luxurious rental car but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but there will be no snacks? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to have a high-quality sound system for listening to music but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but there will be no snacks? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to stop the car on the side of the road to look at the stars but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but you must stay in a roadside motel? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but you must sit in the crammed backrow? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but you will have to sit next to someone who gets carsick? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but the car has no radio reception and the jack for connecting a phone is broken? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but there will be no snacks? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to stop at a beautiful antique shop on the way but the engine of the car is loud and emits a high-pitched whining noise any time the car is moving at high speeds? (R6,C6) 
