Would you like to receive free food but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to receive free food but the silverware is filthy? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to receive free food but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to receive free food but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to receive free food but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to receive free food but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to experience good service but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to experience good service but the silverware is filthy? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to experience good service but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to experience good service but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to experience good service but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to experience good service but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but the silverware is filthy? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to experience nice decor but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but the silverware is filthy? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to be satisfied after your meal but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but the silverware is filthy? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to avoid wasting food but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to hear live music but the food is burnt beyond recognition? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to hear live music but the silverware is filthy? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to hear live music but the restaurant is notorious for failing health inspections? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to hear live music but you previously got food poisoning from the restaurant? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to hear live music but you miss work or other important events because of illness? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to hear live music but there is a clump of hair in your food? (R6,C6) 