Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but you will have an outdated content library? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to watch your shows and movies on your phone but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but you will have an outdated content library? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to not have to watch advertisements but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to streaming but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to streaming but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to streaming but you will have an outdated content library? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to streaming but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to streaming but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to streaming but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but you will have an outdated content library? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to watch content with your friends remotely but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but you will have an outdated content library? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to download content to watch when there is no WIFI or internet connection but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but you must pay extra for all the most recent movie and TV releases? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but you must upgrade your home internet speed for the streaming service to work well? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but you will have an outdated content library? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but you will have longer average wait times between seasons of your favorite shows if you use the streaming service? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but you need to pay $25.99/month for the subscription? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to be recommended new content that is tailored to your preferences but two of your favorite shows are not available on the streaming service? (R6,C6) 
