Would you choose to sit in a seat with a perfect view of the screen, but you are also next to a crying child? (R1, C1) 
Would you choose to sit in a seat with a perfect view of the screen next to someone constantly on their phone throughout the movie? (R 1, C2)  
Would you sit in a seat with a perfect view of the screen, but next to someone constantly getting up to get concessions? (R1, C3)  
Would you sit in a seat with a perfect view of the screen, but next to someone from your school that you dislike? (R1, C4) 
Would you sit with a perfect view of the movie screen, but you are also next to someone who keeps on spoiling the movie for you? (R1, C5) 
Would you sit in a seat with the perfect view of the screen, but it also happens to be right under an air-vent, making it uncomfortably cold? (R1, C6) 
Would you choose a seat right next to your friend in the theatre, but you are both next to a crying child? (R 2, C 1) 
Would you choose to sit next to your friend inside the movie theatre, but you are both next to someone who is constantly on their phone throughout the whole movie? (R2, C2) 
Would you sit next to your friend in the theatre, but also next to someone who is constantly getting up to get food from the concession stand? (R2, C3) 
Would you choose a seat right next to your friend, but right next to you is someone from school who you do not like? (R2, C4) 
Would you sit in a seat right next to your friend in the theater, but you are both next to an individual who will not stop spoiling the movie? (R2, C5) 
Would you choose a seat right next to your friend that is unfortunately located right under a vent, making it uncomfortably cold? (R2, C6) 
Would you choose to sit in the theatre next to the star actor from the movie you are watching if there was a crying child right next to you? R3, C1) 
Would you choose to sit next to the star of the film if there was someone constantly on their phone right next to the both of you? (R3, C2) 
Would you choose to sit next to the star of the movie, but next to you is someone who keeps getting up to get more popcorn and candy? (R3, C3) 
Would you sit next to the star of the movie in the theatre, but you are next to someone from school that you do not like? (R3, C4) 
Would you sit next to the star of the movie, but you also happen to be sitting next to someone who keeps spoiling the movie? (R3, C5). 
Would you sit next to the star of the movie but the seat available is right under a vent, making it uncomfortably cold? (R3, C6) 
Would you sit in a seat between two empty chairs and a crying child is seated in front of you? (R4, C1) 
Would you sit in a seat between two empty chairs with someone constantly on their phone throughout the movie is in front of you? (R4, C2) 
Would you sit in a seat between two empty chairs and the people in front of you keep getting up to get snacks from the concession stand? (R4, C3) 
Would you sit in a chair between two empty seats with someone you do not like from school seated right in front of you? (R4, C4) 
Would you sit in a seat in between two empty chairs with someone spoiling the whole movie in front of you? (R4, C5) 
Would you sit in a chair between two empty seats, but you are under an air vent, making it very cold? (R4, C6) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of a row (easy access for exiting), and you are seated next to a crying child? (R5, C1) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of a row (easy access for exiting), but you are also right next to someone constantly on their phone during the movie? (R5, C2) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of the row (easy access for exiting), but you are also next to someone who keeps on getting up to go to the concession stand? (R5, C3) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of the row (easy access for exiting), but you are also right next to someone from school that you dislike? (R5, C4) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of the row (easy access for exiting). But you are right next to someone who keeps spoiling the whole movie? (R5, C5) 
Would you sit in a seat at the end of the row (easy access for exiting) if you were right under an air vent, making you uncomfortably cold? (R5, C6) 
Would you sit in a seat right next to your crush, but you are also right next to a crying child? (R6, C1) 
Would you sit in a seat right next to your crush, but you are also right next to someone constantly on their phone during the movie? (R6, C2) 
Would you sit in a seat right next to your crush, but you are both next to someone who keeps on getting up to go to the concession stand? (R6, C3) 
Would you sit right next to your crush in the movie theatre, and right next to the both of you is someone you dislike from school? (R6, C4) 
would you sit right next to your crush in the movie theatre, but you are both right next to someone who keeps spoiling the movie? (R6, C5) 
would you sit next to your crush in the movie theatre if you were directly under an air vent, making you uncomfortably cold? (R6, C6)