Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but the online community is bad? (R1, C1) 
Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but the DLCs are pricey? (R1, C2) 
Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but you have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R1, C3) 
Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but the game has a boring plot? (R1, C4) 
Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but there are too many side-quests? (R1, C5) 
Would you like to have the option of playing a game online, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R1, C6) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but the online community is bad? (R2, C1) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but the DLCs are pricey? (R2, C2) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but you have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R2, C3) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but the game had a boring plot? (R2, C4) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but there are too many side-quests? (R2, C5) 
Would you like the option of multi-player story mode, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R2, C6) 
would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but the online community is bad? (R3, C1) 
would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but the DLCs are pricey? (R3, C2) 
would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but you would have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R3, C3) 
Would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but the game has a boring plot? (R3, C4) 
Would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but there are too many side-quests? (R3, C5) 
Would you like to have an open world to explore in the game, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R3, C6) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but the online community is bad? (R4, C1) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but the DLCs are pricey? (R4, C2) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but you would have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R4, C3) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but the game has a boring plot? (R4, C4) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but there are too many side-quests? (R4, C5) 
Would you like to have a customizable avatar to play as, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R4, C6) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but the online community is bad? (R5, C1) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but the DLCs are pricey? (R5, C2) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but you would have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R5, C3) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but the game has a boring plot? (R5, C4) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but there are too many side-quests? (R5, C5) 
Would you like to have seasonal in game special events, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R5, C6) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but the online community is bad? (R6, C1) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but the DLCs are pricey? (R6, C2) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but you would have to purchase a subscription to be able to play online? (R6, C3) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but the game had a boring plot? (R6, C4) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but there are too many side-quests? (R6, C5) 
Would you like to be the best at this game, but the costumes and props for your character are unappealing? (R6, C6)