Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R1,C1) 
Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R1,C2) 
Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R1,C3) 
Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R1,C4) 
Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R1,C5) 
Would you like to Your friends mocked them for downgrading to a "cheap" bicycle or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R1,C6) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R2,C1) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R2,C2) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R2,C3) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R2,C4) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R2,C5) 
Would you like to The bicycle turned out to be in poor condition, constantly breaking down on you or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R2,C6) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R3,C1) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R3,C2) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R3,C3) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R3,C4) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R3,C5) 
Would you like to Your image suffered as they were no longer seen as successful or extravagant or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R3,C6) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R4,C1) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R4,C2) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R4,C3) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R4,C4) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R4,C5) 
Would you like to Riding a bicycle made you feel vulnerable and exposed to the elements or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R4,C6) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R5,C1) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R5,C2) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R5,C3) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R5,C4) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R5,C5) 
Would you like to Your social status plummeted as they were no longer part of the exclusive luxury car club or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R5,C6) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or your luxurious lifestyle was seen as a thing of the past, causing you to lose respect? (R6,C1) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or The bicycle couldn't match the thrill and speed of the sports cars, leaving you unsatisfied? (R6,C2) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or your peers dismissed their environmental efforts, viewing the bicycle as a mere token gesture? (R6,C3) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or 10. you struggled to navigate the city on a bicycle, leading to frustration and inconvenience? (R6,C4) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or 11. The bicycle lacked the comfort and amenities you were accustomed to in their luxury cars? (R6,C5) 
Would you like to your business partners questioned their decision-making abilities after seeing you on a bicycle or 12. Your reputation took a hit as they were seen as eccentric and out of touch with reality? (R6,C6) 
